Why does it say it's doesn't work on what'sapp that's what annoys me it tells me to pick a number I do but it doesn't work🤨
I can never answer a call, it will say the call is good quality but the person calling can never hear me....
If only i never updated the app they removed essential features such as being able to search for sentences in chat they even removed the scroll to the side thing that lets you see all the mods owners and bots
I haven't used it ywt
I thought Internet WiFi was included with current plan.
You have more bugs to fix please fix it
I've been having an issue with pictures other people send not loading and now the recent update with the events calendar doesn't show when people sign up. that was a useful feature
The new version is a disaster. The gui design is illogical. Moreover, it won't allow me to switch to different account - it automatically logs back in immediately after I log out.
I have paid 5 dollars twice an account still saying 10 cents please fix.!!
I found this app when I had couldn't pay my bill, thank goodness it save me many times I've used this for about 2 to 3 years now it had no issues. Now I'm not able to downloaded. Go figure now it's free to use.
Texts are constantly deleted when I open them. Have gig speed internet so it's not that. It's the service. Calls are dropped terrible.
Comes recomended
I put wrong ph number and can't change it
Do not install this app, it will automatically install 3rd party apps... Consider it malware
Thank you for the response, I now change my rating. It's good but, sometimes it auto logs me out my discord and it takes a few minutes to get back in each time. But overall I give this 4 stars(Edit) Hey um? I give this 3 stars now mostly because when I get into the app the screeen freezes and I have to delete the game a reinstall it.
It's really slow but fun to put wallpaper though
new update is terrible. even without the update there are so many bugs that it makes it borderline unusable sometimes. it sucks.
Well done im happy now
it's nice, I've been using it for a while, but the network error issue still isn't fixed.
Should show last seen timing
Your auto renewal is messed up your service
It's good but it won't let me get the free trial of nitro to see how it works but overall it's really good
Great app, and I like how you can even do polls in it. One thing I'd love to see is the ability to message more than one person in a "chat" group at a time. To have "sub groups" in your overall main group. That would put this on par with similar apps like Slack.
This app is awesome 👍
This app is so good for calling I always call my cuzin I always get good quality from the app
I hate the new update I love the old version of discord I like the new version I want the old one back
The app stopped me from texting after a while and really upset me and my contact list. I then had to uninstall the app and re download it.
It is very very SLOW. And when I try to call, sometimes people can't hear me and it glitches. Please fix this!
I am quite disappointed. The new UI update looks terrible in my opinion and I'd prefer to have the UI resemble the desktop version. it's just an opinion but I still don't like the UI overhaul. not my thing.
Used to be good but now it takes HOURSbto receive or send a message.
Dont download. The "free mins" of this app are not as available as they
satisfactory
I don't if it is my reception , I cant even hear
I've been using it for a while but now my text messages hasnt been going through for the person I've been texting
This recent update.... 2 stars just for this color. The rest is fine, I guess. But the vibes are off.
I recommend using this app for it's capability of safe, secure and easy to use functionality.
great glad they let me keep my number despite not a lot of activity. It be nice if they gave me a free month of plus after several referrals but otherwise best of the Voip Free talk and text services
0ysafe way to text and talk.
Meh..... The app did what it said it would it made phone calls and received text it did not do it in a seamless way it's not doing any timely way and the ads completely blocked the interface so you can't even get to the numbers half the time or see the messages that you have waiting in queue. Now I'm locked out of the app and the website and you can't gain access without your old email accounts which is just silly everyone should have security questions at the very least as a safeguard. Whtvs
Sale tour info but I recommend for emergency only
Since the latest FORCED update, earlier this year, this app has had 1 main irritant/bug; replies to my message don't come through until AFTER I've sent ANOTHER reply myself, THEN it instantly appears BELOW my reply. It's not a constant issue but it happens multiple times every day. The app worked fine BEFORE this FORCED update. 🤷🏻 I've even manually updated to the latest version but, the issue is still there, exactly as it's been for the last few weeks. Hoping it'll be fixed ASAP..... 🤞🏻
Goated app
I was using group text before group me. The problem with the group text was adding and deleting members in and out of the group. With group me it's much easier to have the members delete themselves from the group as well as some members phones did not except as many members as other members phones, which led to fractured groups in the text. Well, group me has done away with all my group texting problems.
When i lost my phone for a bit my number had expired which did happen before and i know that happens if the number isnt used, but everytime i go to get a new one it says "something webt wrong, please try again later" even after updating and reinstalling the app :[
Have used Signal for over a year and liked it quite well, but if they're disabling SMS support, I will have to find another messaging app. I simply will have no use for it if I can only communicate w/ other Signal users
They are removing sms support. Will be useless as a mesaaging app for anyone who doesnt want to switch apps for half of their convos.
Thanks I'm happy with app
Is very pro and solid app but could use a tiny bit of work
buggy the app auto rotates if I tilt my phone and auto rotation is turned off on my phone
Glitches all the time. I have a new issue where I can't bring up the number pad when on call. Every month there seems to be a new issue.
I've yet with many attempts try and tried to make and receive and it's no good at all
My sim card is not working with my phone, even though they said it would
Boycott
It sucks without the sms support.. Will be getting rid of app
So easy to use
As of right now, it wont let me sign up
Discord is awesome but app not really. Drains battery extremely fast, laggy and bad UX
Very slow and heavy app, if i do video call all other things get hanged
Chat messages start rendering incorrectly if you send a message and then someone else deletes your message. The erased message forces itself to stay in view after new messages comes in
Videos are sideways and blurry. Messages don't always send.
It's cool, but I can't block the pain in the butte people
Tooo slow ...🤬🤬 💬 Smh I would have full bars on wifi/mobile data && it'll take couple minutes just to open textnow && it freezes some times , but it does the job . I guess 🙄
bro it's good but I dont like when the verify email thing show up bro
When I tap into the app, it says loading. After leaving the app alone for hours it still continues to say loading. -_- Help!!
GroupMe is the ideal means to remain in touch with the people that matter most. With GroupMe, you can easily remain connected with your family and friends without ever having to leave your application. Simply enter their contact number or e-mail address, as well as GroupMe will maintain you updated on the current happenings with them. You can also share pictures and also video clips, and also stay in touch also when you're not together. GroupMe is free-and-easy to use, so you can communicate wit
Excellent app to communicate with a large group of people versus group text messaging.
Seriously though, why can't I delete a conversation with someone who has written me, like a one on one conversation? That's just obnoxious.
Better then texting. Just don't open any links from anyone you dont trust
I am missing the old discord GUI, The new one is so confusing, I hope you get the old one back.
Usually it'd be 4/5 to 5/5, but the new discord layout is messing me up way too much. I would like to go back to the previous layout please. Even my friends are looking into ways of modding it back Edit: Seems you can just switch back to old layout via appearance, I don't recall if it tells you or not, but thankfully you let that be a thing.
Text free, you only got 4 out of 5 because nothing in this world is perfect but you app is pretty close
I don't want everyone to have my important stuff please
Overall, Discord is Awesome! But, it does have a few flaws. For example, lets say I get onto a call. A normal call at about 3:00. It sometimes does glitch and I have to close the call. But again, overall, AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Video on Video Call is not Rotating along with the Phone Rotation. Chats are not appearing sometimes.
PAYING TO LOOK AT VERIFICATIONS WHAT IS THAT
if it will allow you to place a call, as no matter how strong the wifi
SMS support removal was a mistake for various reasons which I'm not gonna cover in this review. Shame.
Sometime,, i use voice chat,, not clear to listen
this new ui is awful. no user of this app wants this. i have been using discord mobile for years and this may be the thing that makes me finally delete it.
When it works it's good call Quality can be good one time and really bad the next they need to have a better quality how can it have bad connection on a phone that has service
it's an okay app but with lot of racial slurs and comments in it that shouldn't be going on and should b reported every single time that their doing it and blocked out from using the app.......people r in disguise really don't know if it's regular people or police using these racial slurs bc both b on this app....playing the games.....
People aren't receiving my pictures and I'm getting messages late
New UI is terrible and they don't give an option to make it optional. Desktop version absolutely destroys this new bad mobile update
Once more, an update has greatly crippled my usage of Discord. AMOLED Dark Mode is no longer an option and this was a driving feature that made me use the app.
Amazing app, just don't loose your backup codes
With SMS support, 5 stars. Without, 1 star. Hope the terrible decision to drop SMS support doesn't kill the app.
Ok so there WAY to many bugs you guys left unchecked like "not being able to rejoin a group chat you were removed from when you ask the moderator to be readded" Loading BUTTON TAKES TO ******* LONG LIKE FIX THESE BUG and if you don't then this will remain the same
i was sexually insulted but overall there are some cool and nice people
its always crashed in my phone.
Worked great for months now it is crashed and wont allow me to use it
I've been trying to use this but I can't because my phone number changed and I can't change my number on the app. I have emailed groupme about a week ago and still haven't received a response.....
rooting the device, i can now laugh at them and use my app add free without
I love discord and have used it for years, it's just a simple yet multimedia kind of chat app where you can make your own custom servers and profiles, though some things are locked behind a heavy paywall like nitro which lets you have GIFs as a profile and allows you to have a banner which technically should be simple customisation options, but they do have a shop which you can buy effects but you can't make your own.? So they're all produced by discord so they can access more money.
It was working for a minute then I tried to text my aunt. I had to recreate her contact 3 times the exact same way as the  original contact. This too k a while. I wouldnt be happy if I jad to do it again.
Haven't had a chance to use it yet
This app is good at all but you cannot save contacts anymore i tried to but it only says phone number and not the name fix this
The new up date took the emojis off :( please put them back on!!!!!!
only had it a few days but so far I like it
Hate this application👎
New generation social media. Its includes features from lots of kind social media
Amazing I can now chat and talk with my friends.
Good app 👌
This is a great app for security, but I'm not getting any notifications unless the app is open, and then only sporadically. I've tried everything recommended: the app is up-to-date, permissions enabled. But it's still not resolved, and it's been this way since I downloaded it years ago. I don't know what to do... I've missed a fair few opportunities and had a good number of people think I'm a jerk for not responding, when I actually just didn't know I had a message.
The name is literally text free even though they charge a monthly fee???
It's annoying that I have to install and uninstall in order to be able to see my txt.please fix this
Feels like they've become a slave to their investors, who long ago have been paid back and now greedily demand more and more. Constant demands to subscribe to nitro, changing things without regard for user experience. Only use it because I have to in order to talk to my friends.
It is an amazing app I personally use it for my church Jr. Youth but, it's still amazing.
Very good app and quality is also good
Yeah........... I was TRYING to verify my email so this isn't fair. I cannot message that. Cuz I was verifying my email now.... I'm very confused. So this app is natural.
Used to be my favourite app to chat to friend on my phone but using it now is a chore. The UX design is terrible.
Before I don't know what to do I trying ask some of my friend but they just laugh at me so I'm so depressed and hopeless for no almost a year still I don't know what to do and don't understand what they want because I'm computer illiterate but they guide me and I'm so happy that they came and It trust them,,,100% For guidance
Dropping review after this update, this is horrible, desktop version is great, I'm about to start looking into reverting the update and whatever needs to be done for the app to still work, a third party client, or an open source alternative
Great place to do group chats simple and easy
I love being able to chat with my friends from any of my electronics as well as having an easy way to chat with groups.
I cannot figure out how to erase contacts and messages.
I used before and this was amazing. Now it! Has to many adds
I've been using Signal for years. Now that they are dropping SMS, I along with everybody I know who uses it, will be uninstalling. Shame. I'd buy puts if I could.
It's okay to text. For some reason I can only make calls when I have wifi. I was able to call using my data on my phone. What happen?
Should be able to delete or edit
Not sure still new to this
I can't see pics when they are shared. I have uninstalled and reinstalled and it just does it again.
Fake Chinese app😂😂🤣🤣👎👎
Trouble connecting when calling and then sometimes the other end can't hear me
I have had this app for a few year and I have been using verification codes ever since when I tried a verification code it didn't work it says I need to upgrade my account and I need a new version something like that even though I have been using codes for a long time now
We cant get code in iran please fix it
i enjoy useing your app, but it seem to freeze up and shut apps, down. sometimes i uninstall then reinstall the textnow app, to get it work again. overall when the textnow app, is working it works great.
This app was super faster but now its becoming slow down gradually
Its good to send a text but wen I try to call someone I keep getting the whoops message nd I have a lot of minutes plz fix this
Decent app for texting, tried to buy minutes and they charged me but I
Zero customer service. Paid for international calling. They charged the amount, but it was not added to the account. Tried to reach customer service and no luck.
Too many ads...hard to find where to enter the text sometimes.
So much easier then having to start a new text group when someone leaves or is new to our work.
Simple and user friendly
Here lately I have to send a text twice cause the first always fails every time I would give 5 stars if fixed remember better reviews means more people to download your app thanks if you can
It's nice and easy to use.
I love this for people who's phone are off to but to much adds
Because I met a whole bunch of nice friends
This app is hacked by police , and i suggest everybody not to download
Call quality could be better and ffs stop with the popups WHILE i'm typing. I'm halfway through a message to my boss and i end up on google play or some website. Not cool
I have just two problems. First, the login process. Every time I try to login to my account, it says email or password incorrect while my every detail is neatly written, I always have to say forgt password twice before I can regain access of my account. This is really frustrating and I need a way to get ahold of my previous account. Secondly, the mojis, they look like nothing, they come out big which is good but their graphics are very far from where we know. I not great concept. If not great ap
It would be nice to be able to manage chats by deleting what has already been read or at least the option to do so
Allways great!!
I use this for work. It's come in handy since the powers that be don't want us gathered for informational meetings/general work info. So this is a perfect solution for Covid-19. We get the pertinent info without being at risk, real social distance. The only downside I've experienced is i didn't wanna download to take up more space on my phone, so the text messages i recieved were perfect. Since i don't chat i was deactivated and had to download. A user guide would help us less tech savy folks.
Why can't I update the app on my phone and when I uninstall it won't downloaded again
It's OK but can you like  make different accounts wahn you use different gamil but same password please
Best app for message and group work
Good for texting people youu don't want having real number
slow to send & receive messages. I have tried on multiple Wi-Fi so it's not just my house. The other thing I don't like is the ad that goes right over the text box & you press close & it don't leave so fast to see what your typing.
It sucks can only change number 2 time's dumb
Its easy to use and easy to get minutes
Voice message does not play on any mobile device. I logged in my Skype account many devic e.. still same issue
Tried to download four five times always ends up the same way. leaving me hanging I don't care how good it is if you can't download it and use it it's worth nothing to anyone......
Dropped my internet connection and no matter what I do will not let me back on
I love the service.
Very easy to use.i don't have enough friends using this to give an aceret opinion on it's value in communication. The few people I use it with are satisfied with its function as a message carrier. It fits my needs for talking with others using this app.I have not used it that way.
Great for emergency situations and free with less ads than any ive found so far.
I wish you'd add an edit function. Also, I HATE HATE HATE that my pinky way too communicate with you is through email. I have had problems and have not been able till contact you to fix them. If I had another choice out there besides groupme I'd surely try it.
A great app .. But you make so you can recieve codes if you locked out of accounts for any reason .. You cant receive them on your textnow app .. Only if you pay for it.. And if its your primary number ..then it maks it hard to get a code .
first off- the notifications come in late for texts and calls. 2nd- the group chat messenges come in scrambled up and out of order, which makes things confusing
Enjoyed very well.thanks about that.....
Very, interesting app!
It's good except the app crashes if I check my profile or if I try to change anything about my profile, fix this please
I just really love 😘 this app. Especially when I get the upgrade. It's my main phone
It's good but it doesn't have Nintendo connection
New Phone update look is trash
formatting sucks nobody asked for a revamp it was fine the way it was
It's privacy is better than WhatsApp.
It's fire
Unavailable to video chat
it's the app I appreciate, clean streams
Got a new number and it will NOT let me change it on my account I've even tried to go to the website I can not update the number so it won't ever leave me logged in we use it for work updates so I miss the time line a lot of the time
It's good for texting but when it comes to the non stop ads that you can't click off of its horrible. I won't even touch the ad and it automatically downloads things on my phone. Whatever ad pops up that's now downloaded on my phone and I'm deleting a new app every time I use it it's absolutely exhausting.
I no longer would rate 5 stars because they are removing sms support. If youre tech savvy enough to use this, you're tech savvy enough to know sms isn't secure and who is using it.
6/2023: I've had a few months of a weird glitch where no notifications come through unless I manually open the app. It's happening on all three separate accounts. Very frustrating. There doesn't seem to be an update to fix the issue? Prior review: So far this has been great. The things I text about don't pop up as advertisements on my phone later! 😍
a few problems. major problem; you cant delete a photo or video from the gallery.
It works very well.
Good user friendly
Seems to have rebooted itself n asking for all credentials and permission again.. time wasting
Stupid, doesn't receive verification codes. Uninstalling ripoff
I don't like that it's confusing
This app is very good its has no issue for me
It would be most helpful if you could search within all of the chats keywords to find conversations that relate to that keyword
More difficult to share information than other apps and data did not transfer when I got a new phone
New to the app. So far I love it.
The new update is terrible, its annoying to navigate, can't swipe left in servers and chats to see the people in the server, I don't need a quick swipe action to reply to people l, i would rather be able to swipe left in chats to see the people in the chats/server. I hate having chats in a separate tab, it glitches out constantly
Does not execute properly.
I used it before it was a good app but now it makes me buy things to see what they send me so I don't know if I like it as much
Calls drop, some calls can't connect, sometimes you can't even use the app.
It is adding txt to every message I send. FROM YOUR FRIEND OH DONNY BOY. very annoying.
Best messaging app. Love the end-to-end encryption
I would normally give this app 5 star rating but for the last 2 days it's not been responding.
I wish they could add some sort of a safety feature. This would make the kids that are younger safer to be on discord. If they could do something like this it would be amazing.
I used to love this app ! It was perfect while I didn't have service on my phone . I downloaded it yesterday && it only shows me my messages when I open the app . I have missed very important time sensitive messages becuz of this . && yes I have checked my settings to make sure they are correct && they are . Plz fix this , downloading another app until then . ✌
It's been OK. But it's not the easiest way to get ahold of people when you have to go to a free wifi connection to get internet access. But otherwise I'll survive
pretty good I guess
It good only thing that needs improvement Is when someone is receiving a call on discord you can see them calling you but off discord you dont so yeah. Overall its a really good app
Easy Functionality
My groupme stopped working all of a sudden. My groups no longer update
You suck as a phone app
Great app for chatting and hanging out with friends. Is simple and new user friendly. Great visuals. Lots of fun. Need a stable enough internet network to work as it provides/promotes. Sending pictures is a bit annoying though, for me they show up as links and I can't fix it without contacting a staff member.(they fix my pictures problem, very happy)
Not having a good experience.....
It works fine now,thank you😁
cool free number to text and call
Great message app.
Everytime someone calls it won't ring or tell me until I go on the app
Soon as the app opens, it goes out. Says "textnow app has a bug, try to update in playstore". My app is the latest version, never had this happen before. How do I fix
Put a option to show who is online
Ridiculous slow ,high priced calls drop that's if you can get app to works.also they high jack any otp code and.make you pay to get them whats wrong with this greedy world 🌎 😒 and God knows what they do with your security codes really has to makes u wonder I.dont recommend these ppl just look at what they put other customers through in comments below !!! Judge for yourself after reading those it's appalling behavior waste of time with this app
I wanted a verification code, but it just doesn't let you without paying $8
My app finally updated and the ui is so bad. I hope it gets fixed soon because this is insanity
I use the wifi for my calls , too much static, drop calls and after you watched a bunch of videos to get minutes it's like it's gone within 5-10 minutes .. I thought wifi-calling was for Wi-Fi but no there's always a catch... Thanks for your reply and generous offer but I don't want anything for free. Just make sure it doesn't happen again. Thanks again.. Angel
This app is awesome
Very well constructed
Keeps telling me I have to turn on native text messaging in order to keep texting from it, but my bff (who introduced the app to me) told me that hers isn't doing that. It also won't let me send pics without native text messaging being turned on. IF I WAS YOU, I WOULDNT DOWNLOAD IT. ITS NOT WORTH IT.
Great app all around!
The negative points I see in Skype is that : 1. It doesn't have SELECT ALL and DELETE OPTION for messages .   2. It's not opening someone's profile pic to show it bigger
I can't use Bluetooth headset with video or voice calls. There's no any option to turn it on. Headset works perfect with other apps.
It cut in and out sometimes
Calls are always dropping
Good app and better than WhatsApp
I'm just pretty good no complications, still 🙃
Chose my number, verified email and try to send a text, app tells me my number expired and i need to logout and pick a new number. Did that, app picks up a random number automatically and get the same message. Tried it 6 times, same results
Bro what is this new UI.?!? nobody likes it from what I can see throughout your fanbase. This better be changed idc about your support form
there is a guy who wrote on 3\30\19 that said he "sleeps with his gf on Skype" hahahahahahahaha. is that the definition of being whipped or what? i guess it could just be co dependency but i think that's still an issue too! lolz the stuff you hear these days just keeps getting funnier all time. thanks for the laughs!!!
Need more NOTIFICATION settings just like the PC version. When contacts...come online, goes offline, starts an IM with me, etc. I can't determine who is online or offline. Go back to the older version, please!
It's actually very good
It was a good app untill they changed the aperince of the app. Nows its so ugly that i dont want to use it. Good app, bad design.
Thumbs down on the new version, you can't archive multiple chats at once any more, single select only. Why remove this feature?
I'm sorry but until Skype improves a bit more, I won't be going back. Discord App is better lol
FREKAING SCARES ME WHEN CALLNG DOESNT LET ME TEXT NOR CALL
Great when it wants to work but horrible when it does not.
Worked great prior to the most recent update. Lots of bugs related to visual elements not displaying properly such as disappearing messages, changing servers and rooms not rendering the newly chosen room and or server, etc. Closing or swiping away the app fixes it for some time, but then it breaks again. New UI takes more swipes and taps to switch between a server and a DM, but does seem more intuitive. Muscle memory will take time. Pixel 8 Pro, fully up to date.
Not working with Bluetooth headset
i used to like it and already use it and subscribed since 2018, but now it become a scam app, it only looking for more money, I received and voicemail for activation, and only allow me to hear the first number, and then asked me to pay again to hear or enscript the rest while I already paid and subscribed to annually.
My friends send me pics but I can't save them. Says I don't have a SD card when I do. Update please so I can save pics also. Thanks.
nice app... kinda slow at times, but it gets the job done!
It was good
the video call interface is completely non-intuitive. trying to guess how swipes and taps work results in you loosing tour view, or the other person. also the white balance from the camera is weird in video. it does work though, clear calls etc.
I don't recieve notifications from discord most of the time despite having the settings set for me to recieve those
Please, oh PLEASE fix the connection issues. If you try to call someone 9 times out of ten it says "connecting" and doesn't call. Please fix ASAP.
this app says text free am I right
I love Discord in general so app is no exception. Edit: I absolutely hate the new update. There is so much wrong with it. I hate it that I don't see the list of members when I swipe left. Replying with swiping is so inconvenient for me, I still use just along press. Separating servers and messaging is annoying too, but I guess it's something I can get used to. Themes are cool though.
Half the times calls dont come through! Randomly get a voicemail notification but no ring. So annoying!!
Streaming Ads sound comes on loud intermittantly ...Over heats phone ...just this ap because of tons of ads streaming most likely..
Nowhere to report a problem. Won't let me sign in or change my password.
Girls never reply
The updated layout is so bad that I downgraded the app to avoid it.
things are right now I have not reached the 200 Discord that Nitro plus sets it to and yet I've counted to 123 different servers including my own and it still counts to 200 why is it counting non-existent servers
I like it but when sometimes i open groupchats it will be like get or just wont move like whenever i will go to direct messages
Because when you want to call someone is per minutes and to call again you have to paid
Its hit or miss
Always good communication
A wonderful app. One of the better phone service apps.
Will not allow me to set up aera code eith location or manual at all
Im giving a 4 star rating since the mobile app lags and doesnt send push notifications despite theyre enabled, the tablet is a bad pc port and amoled mode is unavailable, and pc is...ok, but also a bit slow...
I'm happy to say calls are sounding good again, loud and clear, and the SIM has been working without the random interruptions of the past. Elastic calls are still troubling slow, when transitioning between WiFi and cell, but at least the calls are not dropping, which is a huge improvement. Elastic calls have worked faster in the past. I thank TextNow to continue to offer this amazing product.
Can only use it on one device
I can't use some channels it says done reading check out other channel please help
Its very convenient and helpful app.
Will not answer phone calls for the last 2 months. Hitting "answer" just lets it continue ringing until voice mail picks up. Forced stop, cleared cache and data, reinstalled, but nothing changes this behavior. You can still decline a call, but never answer one (anymore; it used to work).
After 2 mins the phone call on my end becomes staticy they cant hear me just static i have excellent service + wifi so it isnt my wifi connection
Love it ! now hate it ! Having only signal users is dumb. Was a good thing now it's useless. Good job. 👍
Pretty solid nothing fancy though.
Took 4x to make it      download
The app doesn't notify me when I have received a call or text
I don't know what happened but apparently discord updated and now it's just hard to navigate don't like what there trying to do here but I hate it I don't know where to go most of the time every thing looks so different and the is just hard to navigate now I hate it the worst part is that most of my friends apparently don't have this update and it's so dumb just to make a update and not everyone has it and they can't help with it because they don't have the update I can't with this app anymore
Smooth and robust privacy
Illegaly making numbers and charging my credit card $10 a day
Better than Whatsapp
Good to have
I have super friends there :3
The new update breaks the flow the og ui had
please. And also I can't no longer see or edit my contacts info...
the new update suddenly activated the auto-tilt in the app and I can't find a way to stop it. please fix it because it's getting annoying that the whole screen shift when I tilt my phone slightly
Fast as heck
no popup or sound notification regarding messages
The app is grabage, keeps telling me i can't log in anymore saying i violated the terms of agreement, and i havent used it for anything more then simple texting... now it jus sits on the login pafe and does nothing
I enjoy talking with my sisters and brothers the groupMe is the way to go
Can't stop contacts to stop getting on my Signal app I just can't stop them ok how can I stop them
You guys unoptimized this app SO hard in the latest update. Please make the app usable again asap.
Works nice but didn't work well with Bluetooth
The UI on video calls is broken, it keeps backing out and showing the messages instead, it's also getting cropped and doesn't show the other video feed.. other than that I love this app for messaging.
was virtually impossible to use. I have contacted support, but have gotten
For about 2 weeks now, every time I open GroupMe it logs me out, and I have to sign back in. The login only lasts for 10 to 15 minutes, before I am kicked out again. Sometimes none of my groups load, and I get no notifications... This app sucks
It's great except EVERY TIME you download something that's been shared through the chat. Gotta replace your phone? Better hope your screen is still operational or you've lost everything because jumping through hoops is the only way to sync them.
Persistent red notification dot on menu button on my (OnePlus 7 Pro)
It works well on my phone (samsung) but doesn't always load messages on my iPad...
Great and secure messenger, but some features are very restricted. The frequent PIN questions are nerving, and you cannot use it on phone AND tablet dual, but it stays my only messenger!
They disable my account after i subscribed. I don't know exactly why
Idk why its showing me "opps u caught an ultra erorr" from last 2 days.It happened before. like 4or 5 hours but this time 2 days!!!! I tried every method to fix this but still ntg happened.i have so many work on dc.
it's pretty good, i met good friends!
Telephone service is ok but there is very little support.
I hope 🤞 legalize in UAE
People can't hear me but I hear them please fix this. I use this for very important calls
It's great for texting but I don't dig the whole having to have minutes to call because there are other apps that you can call and text for free. And you have a better connection for whatever reason. Like I have text free and text now and I can stand in the same spot right next to the WiFi router and have better call connection with text now than I do with this here text free. So if you can improve those issues it'd probably a 5 star app
👍🏼👍👍🏻 it glitches out a lot. Hello tech support can we get some bugs fixed here
This app allows you to meet new people all around the world. And it is a great communication place for Monopoly Go!
its a good app but filled with problems. hard time joining some groups even when everything is open to have you join. cant erase or get rid of groups. some groups stay forever..
Very friendly and easy to use.
Fix this it only works when open and u don't get messages in time dam it
Hi this app don't take a number
Great I love it
App works, as it always has. I get that ads are income needed to operate the app, but those are in app and not my issue. What I don't understand is why we need ads in lockscreen now. I've used this app for over a decade. This is my first and only complaint. 5 stars otherwise.
Please try dialling a number using dial pad before releasing!
The app is horrible. It crashes every other time i launch it, files refuse to upload, itll say im in one channel when in reality im on another so i post/ say something irrelevant. The desktop version is far superior, don't waste your time with the mobile app
Oohh my GOD this Skype I have Samsung A73 mobile and from last few days I have found the Skype very worst apps in the world some time no video no camera oohh my GOD plz fix this plz I want to see my family
I hate how my ex boyfriend can use this app to change his number over and over and keep calling me over and over!
The app experience is 👍.. But it's got bugs
Not bad just hope it stays true
New update is absolutely horrendous. No one wanted this. Takes even more gestures and taps to swap between DMs and servers. The entire app is the laggiest experience it has ever been on top of it all.
New updated UI is horrendous, missing out a lot of the benefits of the old UI. Major red flag for the Highlight push notifications sending weird and creepy simplifications of other people's texts and activities. Just make a community poll ffs, ask the community for suggestions or changes, some might even help with a better design in system or UI than this ... AI nonsense.
Incoming text doesn't show up until hours later. Can see the preview in notifications but when i click on it, it's not in the chat. Please help
Good app not many adds n it works real good
I purchased the ad free subscription. Totally worth the price for ad free and the perks with unlimited calling, texting, photos and video. I also purchased the sim card. Just waiting on it to arrive. Seems to be a great amount of value to their product they offer.
content sharing.
The sound and message really sucks. You can not even use it as a house phone
I love it but sometimes nobody can hear me and im not on mute either
None of the messages from other people show up. They can read and see mine though.
Jus intalled
There was genuinely no need for an entire UI change. Everything beforehand was entierly funtional, easier to navigate, and had cohesion with other platforms. Every person I've seen talk about the most recent update (as of 1/14/2024, when I'm writing this) has had nothing stellar to say about it. The change of location for DMs is my biggest gripe as it's pointless and makes it harder to navigate. If all of my friends weren't on Discord I would uninstall.
"You'll download signal, and you'll be happy." - Louis Rossmann 2023
Im having difficulty with sending messages. It was fine until now. I have a stable wifi connection and every other social media i have is working but skype. How do i fix this? Overall this is a great app
The app is good but it doesn't let me hang up when I call and it just stay stuck there
The new ui on the mobile version sucks, how about adding a button that could switch between the old version and the new version?
I dont like how you have to upgrade to premium to get verification codes. Now i have to get a new app so i can sign up for tiktok.
I love Signal.. Simply the best Chat room Ive tried..Safe as can be..
A little lags
It never loads my servers or channels so I'm stuck on a glitched screen doing nothong.
I'm on android Oreo 8.1, and the notification sound can't be changed it seems. It is not using my default notification sound, but some random one I never heard of. No way to turn the sound off and just have banner pop up either... Rediculous. Can only turn off all notifications or everything. Does have toggle for blinking light and vibrate in app though... Where the sound toggle?
Greetings I thank God peace be very helpful 🙏🏿
Text now SUCKS
It's the best I every seen but the calls u have to speak pretty loud for the other person to hear
!Warning !Warning !Warning. *If you sign up for "monthly donations" there is no way to cancel.. Will keep charging your card.. there is no customer service. I'm victim of this.
Since the update, discord has been pretty much unusable to me. Everything is just laggy and slow, and half of the time, i have to close and reopen the app to be able to see messages that were sent to me
texts are good.the phone calls suck. n always drop. the phone calls need improving.
You can't scroll down while editing your profile anymore, and it's very annoying. Edit: So there's a certain spot towards the bottom that allows you to scroll down, otherwise it just freezes. (And scrolling up is impossible too). It'll be 5 stars when this issue ever gets fixed.
I still hate that Signal dumped support for SMS. It was an elitist and uncreative move.
At first, Discord was a great application. Then the updates started. With every single update, the app got worse and worse. Wouldn't connect right, wouldn't load messages right, would send messages twice, took forever to load... They made everyone make usernames instead of the #0000 which... I hate. Alot. And finally, this latest update. They completely remodeled the app. It looks horrible and functions less. There are so many problems with it. The desktop version is okay. The mobile? Trash.
I like it, except for when it logged me out of my account and wouldn't let me use the same number, even though I had stayed active.
Too many updates every week. And nothing is different. Waste of data
Terrible app. Can't tag someone more than half the time. Simple things like that shouldn't be an issue on an communication app
Too much ads it works good though rate:5-10
Pretty good
Great app to keep everyone in the group updated on what's going on and any information that needs to be seen by all members. I highly recommend getting this app for members of sports teams, church groups, or any other groups that need to easily stay in touch with each other.
It kicked me out of my acount
Ads, ads, ads, and more ads
The new UI is honestly not good to me. Its harder to find stuff. Easier to get overwhelmed. The Old UI was one of the main reasons I loved using discord. ( update, absolutely hate it more. Constant bugs, things not working, and overall so much worse)
Used to work great, notifications and all, now I receive no notifications unless I open the App. I've uninstalled and reinstalled and it didn't help. Have checked settings over and over thinking that I've missed something but I haven't. Very disappointing.
Can't seem to register with my Galaxy s23 ultra pls fix this
Use to be a really great app until they removed tags discord WHY just bring them back im sick of not being able to add people
Chillin W da Homies, Best time I had and all the other Funnies now there is bad and good but the memes should explain everything.
Hard to sign up
Needs to be able to lock app with pin not show messages to anyone look at the phone
Skype is very common however old skype was better sound quality. we cannot change the sound of notification that's why it is very hard to hear the sound and sometime I missed very important messages.
Works great! The only complaint is the ads.. for the price, it is definitely worth it to have a phone number that can be used anywhere, not just where Wi-Fi is available. The free version has to have Wi-Fi to use but for a small very acceptable fee, you can use it anywhere and it gives you mobile data plan! This is second to none for a app to use besides my main phone service carrier. I rely on this if my service laps and cancels due to non-payment. All around great app and premium is ad free..
Lateky I've been struggling a lot because I straight up can't see channels
The new UI is very bad I want the old discord I can't use discord with this new UI
It's good to use, but it is best for it to support external storage to an SD card so it does not take up much space on mobile
Updated : notifications issue. I am disappointed with the new UI. I have found it extremely difficult to use with many steps than the old UI. I am only continuing to use the app as it's the only way to communicate with certain friends. Very disappointed. They have since added a notification ping that I haven't enabled that is about conversations I am not part of. This further disappoints me.
The new gui looks great but since the update is is incredibly buggy and tends to lock up
Sometimes it doesn't work, upload, it freezes, i miss calls,i miss text messages.
I have this new cp and I want my skpe back please. Thank you.
Okay i have tried to do an account but i can since my sister is using the same email like me so pls fix this.
The app has been great in the past and concept-wise it's useful. But it's very glitchy. Avatars don't update. I cannot see or tag all members in a group chat. Chats disappear sometimes. It's really a pain. Please fix.
Seems to be iffy some days with connection. I get notification of a missed call when I'm on the app nor will it ring sometimes. Sometimes I press the answer button and nothing happens and the only way to fix this is to decline the call and try again. Both party's connection is not an issue. So it puzzles me why Skype keeps messing up now about 50% of the time.
It has been ok but my messages don't always go through and the phone dosent always go through and sound muffled sometimes
Good app but it has issues letting me make phone calls or at least leaving a message. it also hasn't been letting me answer phone calls.
It was good but there should be an option forgot my password and we should be able to change our mail id without using our account password like who would give their discord account it would make more sense to give a account from a game so devs please change this
some minor glitches but overall ok
Extremely reliable.
Number is changed every time i out from the app and join again 🙄🙄🙄
The call quality is awful. People I talk to constantly complain about
TextNow developers please hmu I has text now installed in my phone I uninstalled it and tried reinstall but now it won't let me install I can download every app besides text now can someone please help me ?
It will not work on mobile data. It just continues to say "connecting" but I can get notifications and such I just can't answer or actually us the app
It's just great to use
ever since the update, uploading photos is a hit or miss
How many people can be connected at once on video call or audio call??
I just started using the app and so far I have the same issue as other people that are using it fake calls moe telemarketing calls can't pick up calls dark screen when someone is calling me and I can't answer what's up with that 😉 just saying though this was a great app guess I have to dig up money for a new carrier
Could use an advice on how to stop the echoing the recipient is hearing when call is made
I am experiencing this issue for a long time, and it only happens in the mobile version i never expeirenced this issue on my laptop, so the issue is that when i try to go to the members tab, discord just starts glitching and randonly throws me into the members rab several times and it doesnt stops until i close and reopen the app, thus glitch is really annoying so please fix it real soon
good way of communicating with a large group, only thing that I don't like is that you can't erase old messages.
it's an amazing day for using discord I love all the features and its always going to be good so they need a update
Complicated, unhelpful and plain frustrating!
New update reset my server order / folder structure and there seems to be no way to restore it
There is no video call and add and stuff and call quality is not the best when on seakee
Echo heard from person I called, they could not here my voice clearly... not a good clear call and was conducting important business...I hung up deleted and had better luck with TextNow.
Before it was great, now it's bad. Whenever I want to Livestream on discord with my Android phone, the screens keeps on becoming black. I can't even touch anything. Fix this!
to do about getting me a new phone and the flipping app never works. Im
Whenever I send a message it always sends with a Lll at the end.
Way too many ads. But its free so what can I say?
I earned free minutes but my account still shows zero. App designed to force you to buy minutes. Stay away.
Takes long to load, bought 0.99$ sim can't get it to work,can't get a person from text now on phone for help
We've been using the app to keep an occasional group dialog going and for deciding when and where to meet. The app is perfectly adequate for this purpose, but I've not really spent time to learn what features are available.
Works well for our organization!!
Bugs bugs ... Phone poco f1 and vivo 1920 I have received new message... But when I open it No message to read.....
When your on speaker phone it breaks up and u can't hear the other person that good
I've always use this app I never had a problem with it
I enjoy discord but because of the recent UI update on mobile, it has very much so aggravated me and made it hard to navigate the app. The original layout, which was similar to desk top, was much easier on the eyes and there was really no point in changing it.
good app to use on chrome browser but if ur downloading the app and ur logging in when u press the authentication with the security key it like wont even do anything it closes the app id like this to be fixed because id rather have it in my taskbar rather than in my chrome.
Its straight. The calling just sucks
I suppose it's a good app but literally leaves it wide open for stalkers to harass you nonstop. You can block a number but they just get a new one.
It ok but I recently changed phone and now I can access my texnow number it won't let me sign in I have tried to reset password but I don't get the email. Help
Just perfect
New update makes no sense on any level. Actually needs to be changed back, discord is so out of touch its insane
Ugh! Won't let me type my messages and I barely get notifications
Pure awesomeness
It was nice to have to connect with my grandkids but their mother is holding them hostage and blocks me from connecting. No longer need so no longer want to pay.
Won't let Me sign in. Keeps saying account not created
I like community and server possibilities. However, from mobile usijg bluetooth heapdones is almost impossible since version 25. They removed Call communication mode and i had to update app to newer version only because of compatibility. Also, app is laggy. I find smooth transitions useless, only making lags. Would be nice if can be turned off. Now i use discord occasionaly for reading messages. For other purposes including voice chat quite its annoying on mobile.
Wow This is good
Putting ads is useless. I just close the app and re open it. It's alot quicker.
I really like the app it's really useful to me and my friends and i can mostly make new friends! But I do have some problems with some of the lag but yet doesn't always happen. So yet it's still fun because of the nitro and I mostly use stickers to express myself and yet it's super useful! This is an update, I've been having problems recently in getting into the app but it keeps kicking me out I'm not sure what's causing it.
The new update clearly wasn't bug tested well enough. I don't mind the new appearance, but at least make sure everything doesn't break after a little usage. This is not asking for support, just condemning a bad update.
Lowered rating and cancelled donations due to removing sms
you say it's free, but then you put i charges.
Give 1star im not satisfied. Pls improve skype
You have to pay for like everything it's kinda sucks tbh
Good thing
As far as I've experienced (on mobile), it's actually quite an alright update. The layout changed a bit but not too much till you can't recognise it. [ However I would prefer the old search system rather than this new one, this new one is indeed refreshing but I can't seem to find the From, Files, Sound, etc which is much more efficient ]
A good app 👍
The app was good but then they altered the programming to copy peoples contact information. Its now a scam app
because I love GroupMe, but the app works significantly better on iPhone.
It is not ringing when I call
Love the fact you can choose any number. Usually use this for a back up.
Great and cleanly designed messanger.
OLD: Discord is great for connecting with friends. This mobile app redesign, however, is atrocious and has completely ruined my enjoyment of the app. Please change it back. UPDATE: discord has reverted most of the awful changes they did when I originally wrote this review. I now think the mobile app is good again.
Notifications are not reliable. Often they are half a day to a day delayed. Other messaging apps do not have the same issue so battery optimization of Pie is not the problem.
Texts go through just fine, when I try to make calls, the other person can't hear me at all
Literally can't comment in my group chats.
Still learning but app has been useful.
Great app sometimes buggy but overall it is pretty good
Honestly it's an ok app, but for some reason it freezes up your phone
This communication app seems to be the best of the ones available. The only problems I've had are not being able to send a picture with a text message and the sim card they offer (on T-Mobile) doesn't work for me. No bars usually; at the most, one bar. Either way, I can't do anything. On the bright side, phones calls are usually very clear and texting just text works well.
I can't create an account, after doing verifying I'm not a robot it still refers me back. This is a total rubbish
Truly impressed by the dev's efforts to worsen this program at every turn. Being barely accessible to VI people wasn't enough, so they changed usernames to be far easier to be spoofed by spambots. Then they added AI without warning. Now this. Impressive! They'll catched up to Tw- sorry, ""X"" by 2024, at this rate.
use it at all. Amazed by the major improvement in phone performance after
It works great while you're on wifi, as its supposed to. Haven't had any issues with it yet
Tha idea of this app is great... I use this app with Wi-Fi when my phone doesnt get signal at home. It works ok but in order for me to see tht I have a text I have to open tha app and refresh it, it doesn't automatically notify me when I have a text. If this was fixed I would rate 5 stars.
Okay. So Discord WAS good. It let us create communities and had amazing flexibility in what kind of servers and activities we could do But their recent "improvement" update instantly put me off (for mobile.) It takes no consideration for accessibility, and even removed USEFUL functions. Let's just say I'm only using it right now to communicate with my friends, otherwise I'd dip. I might change my review if they realize that their users shouldn't have to "get used to" something we never wanted.
Need to be able to have ability to change sounds..too sharp
No real complaints right now.
thinks its mr .gregory few seince use this appicatonties .
I am 8 and I want it I just don't have an account
Everytime need update of pin and stuff
Briliant if you Work from Home
Always lost connection suddenly
a lot of times, my mic wouldn't work, and on my laptop, I couldnt unmute
This app didnt work for me
I have to send my messages two or three times before they go through. Please fix!!
Been using the mobile app on Android for five years. I don't mind the new UI, except that the app has become incredibly unstable since. Not once had a single problem with the app, but now channels will update with the same chat you were on on a previous channel, app is slower to load, messages won't load, after switching channels sometimes can't hard press a message to see options and can't swipe left to reply. Messages will be sent to a previous channel you were in. It's a terrible mess now.
When i try to send a pic i get a message saying it's sent by email
The ads suck
Trust me, One of the best apps ever.
Works well for group communications, we used it on a resent mission trip. The only issue we had was not all the members get all of the messages all the time. Some members had long delays or did not receive some of the messages.
Too buggy at the moment
It would be great if I could go to it...
its..nice. :3
Removing SMS support giving no reason to use for messages in this case session is better. Very unfortunate. Loved this app. Now they are destroying it.
I just installed Skype on an Android tablet (Samsung S6). After signing in with my Skype user name and password, it is stuck in a loop asking me to update my profile. The page does not last long enough to allow any selection before closing and looping again asking me to change my profile. ( Galaxy Tab S6, SM -T860 , Android version 12)
Easy to chat Here
This app would be great if there were an option to delete messages/chats that are no longer in use. The option to just hide them does not clear off space on my phone.
Anoth text free service that's isn't no count.
Groupme absolutely sucks. Consant outages, poor connection, the app and the webapp are always broken, it wont let me unlink my facebook account without me going to my facebook to revoke access, on an android keyboard pressing enter doesn't send a message, the list goes on. Miserable to use, which is a shame, because it was so very functional years ago. Why can't I search in messages? There is no easy way to search or see anything that wasn't in the last couple of days. Also why does leaving a group as the admin completely nuke it? What is up with that?
It hasnt been the best. Im not impressed
not letting me call nobody
Works great for our group
Love that it has voice messages
Power of Muslims
Im desparate for me to be able to text i have a phone but no plan it glichts alot it go blank at points but if ur desparet like me iys okay it gives u ur on number so its OKAY
new update is so bad and not user friendly at all!
Freezes and always bad connection but okay
Subscribed for a premium number only for my money to be deducted and still didn't get the number. And there's isn't a way to restore purchases!
Outdated concept Zoom or Teams or better WhatsApp replaced Skype for 90% of use
So far so good. It's good to get away from chaos...
Unable to sign in
With $ being as tight as it is for a great number of people text now has been a life saver
I deleted my pictures after 30 days now I can't get those back
Easy, user friendly
Scam It asked for my emails and then instantly banned me for no reason.
When I watch videos it thinks I'm still on call and messes with the volume
Discord keeps changing things and every change makes the app worse and worse.
The app is slow and consumes too much ram. There are faster, more lightweight apps out there that do the same thing. Discord once had a fast lightweight app and chose to make it slow and heavy for who knows why. I don't trust when companies suddenly make that turn.
PLEASE FIT THE BUG I CAN'T SEND ANY PICTURES OR VIDOES
For some reason the app keep crashing... really annoying
I've been using Skype since the late 90's (need I say more?). Skype has had its issues, like everyone else, but they're still my choice.
I cannot begin to tell user's , future user's and thoughs still deciding on a lowcost or Free phone/texting app in 500 words or less how much help and piece of mind Textnow has given me in the last almost 5 years I have been using on and off mostly on . Did I mention I have been able to keep the same Textnow number the whole time. Did I mention money that went for food for my family instead of a phonebill in a time of unemployment I could go on and on but I am limited to 500 words lol . Torsten
Works great!
I WANT A REFUND NOW!!I am having an absolutely AWFUL experience. We paid for service..got our Sim cards went thru all sorts of ups and downs. No!! And I repeat NO HELP!!! NO CUSTOMER SERVICE WHAT SO EVER!! NO HELP ON THE APP AT ALL!! No one to call..NO NUMBER TO CALL AT ALL. So imagine doing everything they tell you to do..in pre arranged Q and A.. But I'm literally stuck at home because I cant call a taxi or Set up a lyft or Uber while I'm out..NO DATA..BUT I HAVE PAID FOR IT ALL!!!
I bought mins for this app to be able to call home and handle other business from Germany but of course the call never completes or the calls would drop. Im on wifi also with nothing connected other than my phone and still i have the same problems. I wanted to delete this n try something else but i already paid and would like to use what i paid for. 10/15/16 again tried calling from the app and its telling me to check my connection which makes no sense seeing that i posted this from my phone.
Drops calls voice messages muffled incoherent ...great as text only
Can't use emotes or gifs. Needed a bug update for that one.
It used to work well. Now, the calls frequently drop. Glitches every 10-15 seconds. Currently searching for an alternative.
User interface is bad; but using the app is even worse.
It's Fine, WhatsApp is better
because they didnt get to this one yet, 5 stars.
Horrible experience can't delete my account have a scam artist trying to continuing to scam me and can't
Good alternative app to texting....calls sometimes good and sometimes choppy...overall good app
wish it worked
When people call me it doesn't always ring. Others that I know have the same problem on different platforms.
Worst worst app ever
Skype is cool for what it does, but after my phone updated to Android 11, I'm having a real problem with using the keyboard with use the split screen feature. If i use the 2 to 1 ratio function with Skype in the smaller window, the keyboard won't open unless i rotate the screen and the. Rotate it back only to have it stop working once i type in the other window. Please fix this
bought a monthly subscription and it didn't give me the premium benefits even thought it took money from my bank and i waited at least 30 minutes, support is useless too and wasn't helpful at all
is something wrong or is it me i can't get in
Best communication app especially for gamers has its problems but besides that great!
eazy Free and convenient
Too much bugs plz fix them
Notification doesn't flash up straight away. Sometimes I will get a lot sent through in one lump, despite having network connection.
Have issues with the App CRASHING All the time, I have Uninstalled and reinstalled it. Any help would be appreciated
It works fare but it acts up ,but for being a wifi app its great if you dont like facebook .
Bad texting interface and terrible phone quality, not worth even 1 penny, save your $$
there are so many missing features, such as switching accounts and even viewing blocked messages. its half decent, i guess, but the website is much better
With this new update, I am very confused on navigating this app now. It's so barebones that i can't find anything. And when i do want to find something it's like going through a maze. I don't even want to look at notifications anymore. It used to be so simple. I feel like i'm on one of those mini pads when searching things. I understand you wish to make navigation easier for people, but this is not the way. Things get lost and things are oversighted now. I work with lots of new people on Discord
Pretty good app for chating with your friends but the only problem is IT FREAKING KEEPS ON CRASHING WHEN I TRY TO PLAY ANY GAME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FIX THIS PLEAS3
It takes to long to call or text someone
The app is good and all when the finally send me my verification code they send it too me hours later and when I type it in it says invalid
New updates UI has totally ruined the app. I can't just immediately open new DM notifications, I hate the new layout since my muscle memory is set to the old layout Where it was EASIER to navigate and use. But now the developer team has gone and made discord complete trash on mobile. Good job discord. I will be deleting your app until you give us back the option to turn off the new layout and bring back the old one
the voice of the person you are talking to doesn't line up with the picture
Because I can spam phone calls and it's so annoying that I reported it to the police once
So far so good. How ever I'm having a hard time trying to reach the court house.
When I place a call it says my call did not go through and it still takes my minutes I paid for other than that I love it
Moves Too Slow, Needs Video Chat
Anyone else having this problem?
great app. makes communication for groups a lot easier.
It's a great app overall. Recent updates make it more accessible to all kinds of people besides gamers and I think that's nice but I feel that the app is gradually losing its individuality and what separated it from the competition. That aside it's a great app to communicate with both friends and families all across the world and make them too!
Good. Using it at the time of lockdown
It was great until they removed SMS, now it's just a worse Whatsapp. Your SMS has to be handled by an app that will mine them for money, you have to know if someone has Signal to message them, and you have to juggle multiple apps. Not worth it, there are equal apps for encryption that more people have.
Well once in awhile Microsoft actually gets something right I gave it a 3-star rating only because Microsoft is involved other than that it was okay, not great but just okay.
I like pinger but it has too many problems. My calls dont connect half the time so i have to call someone twice for it to work, i hear echos too often, sometimes mcalls drop when im talking, when i receive/make calls 60 percent of the time either the other party or me cant hear one another. Fix these problems...
It sometimes merges calls which I think is a bad Idea because it then glitches then it just rings and rings
Great service.., wish the phone calls were a bit easier to answer. But this has saved mah life with my current circumstances. I can at least get phone calls.
on one game page, can't go to other game's page?
Sometimes it's nice to have a person to text with and send pictures to
U can receive Ur codes for retrieving accounts whatever its called...Cool enough for me😎
Great app except for the fact that ALL of my videos are squished and stretched. PLEASE FIX THIS! Samsung s10+
I can't make account when i press my age and press my screen cuz i'm done it stay on 09/03/2023 just fix this put a confirm bottom
Ignores critique in hopes users will accept shoddy updates. This application is officially dead. Check out Guilded for a better user experience.
It save all ur messages when u log out and everything put if only u can send pics oy would be better
It's a bit slow. I won't see messages sent for hours. It's crazy. When it works, it's cool. When it doesn't, it really sucks.
Confusing
This goddamn platform is the grease on my wheels bygk DC.lovel y'all tictocrz G is for the goat ornot
I liked this app before this bug happened. So when I put a URL discord link in, you would usually think it would let me. But now, I wouldn't because... IT KEEPS SAYING THE LINK IS "Link invalid or blah blah"
better before the decemer 6 update, the layout is hurting my head
This is really annoying. When I am linking a new device, no older messages will be synchronized. They say 'for your security' - Hey I am able to decide about my security for myself, no need to patronize me 😞
Why does every company need to change their UI for no reason
Love that its free, easy to use but sometimes its soo loud it produces poor quality. Love picking area code option but some apps like Fbk wont recognize it as real phone number
This is a great app.
I can't deal out I used to like this app but not no more
Amazing app as long as you use it often you keep your number but I decided to buy the lock in number, as it shows it's locked in , it sends little pop ups under my screen telling me they didn't process it
App crashes frequently and is slow to load. Discord or slack are significantly better for communication.
the notifications for when you get a message or call are a little off and or don't go off at all sometimes other than that tho no complaints
Quick, reliable and easy to use!!
I enjoy the application but there's a huge issue when it comes to reporting users (which I experienced) and that is report abuse. I feel like this could be fixed easily by adding some sort of thing that's like chat logs
Garbage service.
I can't send out messages I don't know why
Discord no longer works on my phone anymore. Everytime I click something it won't allow me to do so. Its pretty much a frozen screen at this point where nothing functions and is unusable.
Difficult to determine who stays in the conversation, photos don't always load...
they ruined the app with the new UI.
IT was easy to get this app but I didn't get the right link to download on my phone!!
Fast to send and receive messages no payment required.
My skype account in my phone twice removed itself i don't know why it happen..
I can't sign up coz' it says "we couldn't find any number"
It's a good trustworthy app
Please go back to the old UI.
Good messenger app. Wish more people used it.
found some lags in sending messages it's very little but disappointing and
Terrible can't even join the group in invited to
Need to improve it with a video call background with including effect of adding a video from the file. Thanks.
It's alright
Third grade camera.
Deleted my history. Just as whatsall did. I probably don't need this platform.
The app doesn't work and quit when I open it from Nexus 5. Crash as soon I launch the app.HELP please!!!
Worst experience
Clear and easy to use
A great app that can be used as a drop-in replacement for most other apps. It offers great security when messaging someone else with the app and falls back to unsecure messages when the recipient doesn't use the app. Edit: Signal will no longer support SMS messages. Basically you can *only* talk to other people on Signal. I will unfortunately have to uninstall Signal and find a new texting app.
App won't allow me to sign up since I don't have a backup. Pure garbage
Used to work fine but now I'm not receiving texts from most people. They send the text but I don't receive it
Worst app.. when I texted to my papa.. it shows double tick but it wasn't become seen.. pls fix this bug asap
New UI on the mobile app is garbage, but it's merely the most recent in a long line of bad decisions on Discord's part.
What happened to text free ultra?
Honestly an amazing app
really good it's real good
Still working on it
I've been experiencing some problems. I was planning to verify my discord email, but then the email was needed. Turns out, I also needed the password. Unfortunately, I forgot my password... so I made a choice to log out of my account and change my password. When I tried logging back in, it won't do so. I had my phone number logged in, so I used that. I tried getting the verification code but nothing appeared and I waited for more than 2 hours already. Why isn't the code appearing in my contacts?
This app is amazing but has a bug on the verification mine says email when I used my phone number to log in on discord but it is still the best app ever but discord can you fix this problem I couldn't chat with my friends
It forces you to relink in various scenarios such as being gone for a week and upon returning home and opening the app with your home WiFi it gives you no choice but to relink... and you lose all you previous converstions. It may be by design but is utterly unacceptable. Signal has a challenge, give users an option to avoid losing everything!!!
Had this app for years, now the ads finally ruined it.
Thank you app for steering my 14yo directly into porn Im devistated, and our family is crushed. The clickable aps are Porn!!!!!! And lead your child down a sexual rabbit hole of child porn predators that wantt your location and address. Sex is solicited with Walmart gift cards and bitcoin so its not traceable. Parent dont get this app for your child to save a couple bucks. Pay for a phone service w texting. Extremly, hurt.
The ad's often make a nuisance of themselves, and on a tablet it can be hard to answer calls bc of a glitch that makes my tablet lag until I either eventually regain control or the app crashes. Otherwise, this used to be a pretty solid app.. While homeless and using a wifi (no contract/carrier, so no service besides public wifi) phone this app was a HUGE help with staying in touch with family/children, as well as securing a job and pulling myself up out of the hole I had dug.
Loved it so much
There is not a better end to end encrypted messaging app available. I used this for several years, and even after the announcement that SMS support is going away, I continued to use it until the end. Now that it seems that they are continuing down this path, I will be deleting it and I cannot recommend it any more. Their reasoning for depreciating SMS is quite weak, and as will be clear from anyone who reads recent reviews it won't pan out well for signal with the decision they're making.
It's just horrible everytime it kicks you out for no apparent reason to. Then you try to sign in. Oh wait! It says there's a problem. You go fix it. You come back. Says there's still a problem. These new modifications before the old ones are terrible.
The app wouldnt load for me. I already signed in and it was just white.
I'm enjoying it gradually
It's really nice to be able to be in touch with everyone, but all the different messages gets kinda annoying after a while. So it's not really groupMe's fault but that is why I'm giving it a four star rating
This App is very Useful 👍 try it and see
Microsoft deliberately install deep footprints to disable the app/phone to the point that u hav to by a new device (bigtechs joint deals)
Really can't say much ,I've had and used the same log in information, and email address but this app keeps saying wrong format, crooks
Less Ad's or A+ Rating
experience. And before anyone questions this, I understand monetization, I
The best phone I have EVER had. I have had my number for 4yrs what more needs to be said get the app
Really easy to use
Difficult to delete or clear individual items of a conversation.
Usable on my samsung note 10 but not on my samsung note 9. Try clearing cache and data and reinstall and restart. Still receiving this error. "There was a problem with Skype. Try signing out and back in.
Latest updates errors.. When uploading a video (both avi and mp4 does this) it'll upload and show the thumbnail for a few mins but opens an external video player (doesn't do this to other videos on the same server uploaded by others) which errors with "unable to play message" The thumbnail goes away to just the video file name and a download button. Freshly redownloaded the video I was trying g to upload in case the old was corrupted but it did the same thing. Converted it from mp4 to avi to try
Safe,good for the most part.still have issues with who to mute,and reset notifications settings.
Everything is great, but video chat kicks you out.
It won't let me log in and when I use the same email from my old account it STILL won't let me get in my og account
hello! I am giving 1 star bcz of its new design in recent update. I have to restart my discord 2 times when iw ant to chat and sometimes it just freezes and crashes many times also so please fix it.
through...but great app and i would have recommended it
Great can't complain
Too slow and unable to use to be honest fed up
It won't let me connect my Spotify and TikTok
Work fine + safe and secure
Phone calls constantly get dropped.
I HATE THE NEW UPDATE 🙄🙄🙄🙄‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫 MY FRIEND CANT HEAR ME BECAUSE SOMEHOW IM MUTE ON THEIR SIDE EVEN THO I AINT MUTE LA
This app is great right now. I'm really hoping the decision to drop support for SMS gets retracted, because if it does not, I will have to change this rating to a 1 and find another app.
Love this app when I do not have a phone
It's a really amazing app. I'm just waiting for the hiding of number update, and then this app will be the most safest app out 🐺💕
its good but i cant even hear or talk in voice chats??? No matter what server im in or anything...
It sometimes doesn't let me send messages and make calls but I like it because I can text my friend in Mexico
I love this app!! I just have to have good internet service to use it. The app is fine but our property Internet/wifi is horrible. The calls are clear. I've been using this app off and on for years. It definitely helps a lot when in between jobs and needing a contact number to use. This is the better call / text free app. Thank you.
I deleted profile picture. But it still shows it. It never goes, tried cleaning the cache. Deleting and coming back solved the issue. Please check it. The app sometimes show dark theme screens inside somewhere like sharing menu etc (whereas im in light mode). Design has not been proof read.
The best encrypted app to use for communication and file sharing.my family and friends use signal daily!
Having an app that does secure messaging and sms is why I started using signal.. Now your removing sms support? This is a bad move in my opinion... I want to use a single application for all messaging
Great app for work.
I like it very much
It has been great.
Better than every app for chatting👌
Finally update
Love the app but was wondering if you could find out where some was at when used the app find out what their location is
Since updating, battery life is draining super quick while using the app. Literally using it for half hour and it's used so much battery according to my phone. Only after the recent update? Also ui tends to be squished which is fixed by restarting the app. Good app though but website is still better
Not bad it's a pretty good app can't fault it
Everytime this app updates, they just change the layout for no reason to make things seem new.
I had used this app for about a year. I logged out of my account and after some weeks tried to log in again but it said your account is dismissed. How can I log in again? Thank you. By the way the app is pretty cool and useful. Thank you
Is the best way for communication in groups 💯
it won't even let me send images without an error
Call quality is very poor than whatsapp. Try to improve video call quality.
Y'alls app sucks !!!!!
Has anyone been scammed by someone using this app?
Zero tech support. Drops call when other person answers and asks about call quality
It's better than Whatsapp but I wish there was a voice record option
I purchased the sim for free calls and text. Text work well. The calls on the other hand sometimes can't make or receive. Random disconnects. Also occasionally while on a call an add will take over the screen and disconnect the call.
I love this app! I've been using it for over a year now and it runs well And the calls and text are right on time period I backed this up 100%.
the other app forced me to give you a bad review
Sound not good
Has been very helpful to our study group.
I no longer can recommend this to my non tech friends as a viable solution for sending secured messages as they're not going to be willing to install an app with a smaller penetration into the market like WhatsApp or Telegram without the killer feature of being able to also use that app to consolidate secure messages and SMS. Signal's decision to disable this feature is reflective of an organization who didn't take into consideration how the average end user operates before axing a feature
Messages are arriving really late. Always shows active as my status even tho I'm not online. While on videocall,if I open chat box, video is gone for a while. Fix these issues it's really irritating
Pretty good... Recent decisions suck, AI nonsense, messed up the username system. Other than that it's good
It work perfectly until tonight I even restest my password to log back into my account number iv been using over a yr only way my husband can reach me he's over seas not only that my disabled daughter Dr appointment have my 619 number please retrieve it iv sent emails for u to fix it last 5 hrs it's telling me to add a new number I don't need a new number I need my 619 number bk please fix this now
Good for chatting, new UI kinda sucks, old one was easier to use and less laggy, which has always been a problem.
Wheñ you say text FREE I assume, it's fcing free, or I wouldn't download it, if i could give 0 stars i would, go screw yourself.
Simple, secure, well designed
This app has gone downhill recently, I use this because of how easy it is to create and manage multiple groups, but there are issues with messages loading, where they will take forever to load, but on the main screen, the new messages can be seen (as soon as I enter the chat, they aren't loaded and take over 5 minutes), messages occassionally won't send notifications, even though I have them enabled, in general it has become bluntly obvious that this app does not have Microsoft's full focus...
When a call comes in it will not allow me to answer. It states another call is in progress please hang up that call and try again. ????? Horrible app.
My mom decided she was going to block me because she was in the wrong....I
It's fine
Does not ring and ringer is on high.
It is a great way to get updates and input from people that have pertinent info for our group.
Notifications occasionally aren't popping and only load when you open the app This is still an issue about 2 years on?
Mobile version is Buggy asf
Clearly voice and video call
Am excellent app, but not sure why after the last update I can not make or receive any calls. Even on my laptop, I can not log in or use it in a browser. Any help?!
This App do not work for me. When it comes to forward the messages it goes blank. And have a white back ground. In which I am very, very disappointed. This has been going on for a good while now. You don't even worth recommending to any one any more that is how I feel right now. If by chance you can proof to me you are worth recommending you need to prove to me, then I will do my best for SIGNAL once again.
I love it i've had so much fun but i had to delete it and now i can't download it and i have tried deleting other apps but nothing works but i love it!
ugly new format, and i cannot send images
0 stars I have to pay for verification codes
It stops receiving my messages I keep having to uninstall  -_-
Sucks can't hear dropped calls alot.
I would like to see some Christian emoji. Such as cross, dove on fire, Israel flag, Bible, Christian flag, Star of David, Jesus, praying hands, praising hands, 🙌🏼🙏🏼
Idk but when me and my friends call someone just kicking Some of my friends and idk who is it is it just error or kicking somebody
It has too many ads take some off 💢😡
Wont let me change my ringtones... 😒 ..n can't get pictures..
No texting unfortunately no longer makes this an option even though most communications were encrypted signal to signal. I can no longer push this app into my network.
All over is superb a little bit more updating is required for more smooth experience.
works great online. If you buy a sims beaware it says they have cdma sims, but it was discontinued, so only tmobile sims. I cant get the tower service in my area. So wasted 99¢ and excitement deflated.
The new UI is garbage and slow AF
Enjoy the privacy. Very good app
Can't delete comments after submitting them in the chat.
Very good for talking, and now is easier to find friends but should have an option to search user in case you don't have them in your contacts
Good Peeps...
Useless app cannot see my contact chat. Kindly fix this useless app
Ridiculous amount of spam calls and voice mails come through
Keeps charging me money $1.99 ×3 and $6.99, when I'm not even using it. Cheap Scammers
Pretty good app! It would get a 5, but not all websites recognize the phone number as a mobile/text friendly, notwithstanding their claims to the contrary I have never been able to send or receive a picture, and the call quality is only so-so.
Fine for secure messaging but they dropped support for SMS/MMS. I'm already looking for a replacement.
Nothing to complain about...
There's no option to let me leave a group that someone invited me to. It seems to show a glitch in the system where I try to pull their profile up with only three options and the regular options only pop up within a millisecond. Can this be fixed?
Easy to use but annoying as hell
No customer service, I have reset my password 6 Times. STILL CANT LOG IN. I uploaded new app, reset my cellphone. Nothing with this app works all of a sudden. Can't log into my account on your app. I received text late 2 days after. My text are received in 24 hours after I send it. No one in customer service to help. Zero Stars for this app
Was an amazing app, loss of SMS ruins its utility
works a little bit, some of the time
It was 👍 wonderful talking to others who were very friendly.
Great for large groups
I rate this a 4 star for now because since the new update come Discord has a lot of bugs even I was on a call it says it was still connecting even though my wifi is seriously fine. I can't send any images at all I have to use my data to make it work and I can only message but not calling or sending any images at all. Please fix this bug
All in all, this app has been pretty good. They've had a few hiccups, which they have fixed. But this morning, I see that unencrypted sms messaging will no longer be supported. I have zero interest in using a secondary messaging app for the people that do not use Signal.. as if I'm now supposed to pressure them into getting the app. Such a poor decision on their part, and it turns me off from Signal.
It's not working when I used as double app it's crease my app
Need to know how to cancel subscription
Not bad at all !!!;
This is great app it could be the best app over what's app, i hope it will become popular soon
Weak wifi signal makes for bad service when trying to send or receive calls
I am verification problems I was just chatting randomly I am a fast typer but when I messaged someone it says to verify and when I verify it says verification code invalid when they just sent the code
Hey what do you inspect it's free
Works but uploads get stuck at about 90% and after 2min it resumes, each time on all my android devices, phone, tablet... always gets stuck at 90% then resumes after 2min
The couch has a lot of patience and I thank you for the attention you give to each child. Jonah's grandmother.
Unfortunately the connection/signal is often very weak- difficult to hear/ understand the person on the other end even with the phone and Signal volume turned up to the highest level. Often, the phone simply disconnects and I have to try to call again and again... Very frustrating and unprofessional.
When I changed phone numbers, someone got my old number. When they used that number to sign up for a GroupMe account, it overwrote the information on my account, prompting several "your information has been changed" emails to which I could not reply to correct the issue. I ended up having to reach out to the person whose email mine was changed to in order to figure out what happened. This seems incredibly insecure and dangerous, who knows what kind of information they could access?
Overall preety good however my friend and me got the deluxe nitro that was supposed last for me till 11dec and his 12 dec yet both of our nitros got cut short by half a month
Can't login or verify phone number, junk app.
Please keep supporting SMS messages in the app. I sent an email to support asking the same thing. That's all. --Update: I am certain I didn't leave a five star review... And yet I came back to it changed to 5 stars. We'll see if it changes again. Signal hired a formal Google executive, and I guess this is the result. Losing trust in the app with every weird thing that happens here now.
Very bad app ! When I opened it, it's says , your account cannot be created on this device 😠!
It's considerably good
Signal no longer locks at all, doesn't follow its own settings, doesn't follow phone lock settings... It's privacy is broken when the app can only be locked when prompted to lock it, automatic locking is a fail, has been for a while. Get the basic right, and no I don't need any app to manage money and payments for me, and I don't care about stories.
No sharing on this phone
It not work properly
Has more features than what I thought
It sucks and very annoying. 😡😡😡
Nice. But it is not as efficient as zoom
good app! I text my friends on it all the time. But I was just texting my friend and now I can't get in Skype. Could you fix that? There's a bug, if you send too many emojis in one message I now can't get in the app.
2022 Update: just learned that Signal will soon no longer work with SMS texting and will only work with internal messages like Telegram and the rest. This defeats the purpose of using it to preserve privacy, and looks like just a way to increase the user base. Cancelled my recurring monthly subscription and unless they can adequately explain why, I'll soon be looking for a new texting app. Very disappointing.
It's great! You can talk and chat with your best friends or with distant friends you can game with them you can download it on your PC or phone if you need and it's wonderful you definitely download it. And it's wonderful because you can join other YouTubers discords and talk to them and do all that nice stuff! It's a great app you should definitely download it.
Installed, tried to create a group. "there was an error starting your group. Please try again". Help was useless, as was the app. maybe because I didn't give it permission to access every piece of data on my phone? Dunno, but without any help its a brick.
I prefer the computer full app to this one, it is frustrating on this
Good for making calls but horrible interface
Great app, lots of improvements tru time.
Still I can't believe the founders of Signal will sell it again like what they did for whatsapp. It is only because of Unethical countries like US based initiatives are always fooling it's users.
EDIT: latest update has made this app almost unusably laggy. I'm on a $500 phone. It's not the hardware, everything else is fast. Tried clearing cache and data, reboot, reinstall. Still laggy.
Love the focused text...you know where they're coming from!
I love the ease of sending voice messgaes. And it's nice to know that my messages are not being collected by the gov't. Group chats are fantastic.
Great App. Lotta of my friends and coworkers use this and love it too.
Keep completing actions to get minutes, never receive minutes.
It is a good apps. I use it quite often & will continue to do so.
Not working properly It have many bugs like typing error, server changing error solve it
I don't really like the app anymore. There are problems with my messages
So, I don't always have the number available to me and there are connection issues. But over all it's a good time.
It sucks 😞
It's good for it's gifs but message and layout wise I'd still use WhatsApp, which has a lot better basic features + video/audio chat.
The new version is pretty bad. It takes ages to first load the app after opening it from a notification or app drawer.
One of the very few secure private messageing apps
If it were possible to give zero stars, I would.
birchwell cross platforms
Good app, but has it's issues. Choppy audio dropped calls. ,But it is getting better slowly, really want to give 5stars
The app is good with the texting and calls arnt bad to be free, but the new layout made the app large and now the loading time is killing me sooo annoying, fix the loading and I'll keep it and give 5 stars.
Very glitchy at times you have to have a strong internet connection . Hardly any ads though and so far no viruses or any type of system issues through the app. Overall as long as you have a good wifi connection or data this app is definitely worth downloading.
I love it awesome thanks!!!
Phone calls suck. And im pretty certain it isnt my internet connection.
I hate the theme update for the mobile phone, It's so useless and stupid. I liked the old one better where you can have the same theme as the computer one.
This app has always been brilliant. Never let's me down. The only app I'll ever use with my friends. Period. I've been using Discord for years and have watched it evolve. My issue with Xbox is the linking disconnection when I've already done it years ago and says it's not..
I love this app works good and I would ask everybody
i like it but the groupchat i made is acting weird when i get a message from chat it sends on a individual text message not on groupchat please fix
Ok for chatting with other players in games.
Love this app, but the most recent update made it so my keyboard dissapears whenever I try to @ anyone or type commands... so a vast majority of the app just isn't usable anymore
im having a problem receiving incoming calls and text.  Now another issue is when i go to read a text, its stuck on loading so i have to reset my phone
Make sure u use ur number i had about 700 minutes saved up and didnt use it for 20 days lost my number i had for 4 years and all my minutes !!!!!
Its  absolutely idiotic stupid and a waste of data
The recent decision to stop supporting regular SMS users makes Signal difficult to use. If you want to send a text to someone, you have to know which system they are on. This was a dumb decisionn
Awful. Continously logs me off randomly. Refuses to allow me to verify my number. Requires me to make new accounts and gives me an error when I attempt to
You have got to be careful of people use your own common since but the app itself is excellent
Doesn't work sometimes and IRS a great way to text others with it.
It was fun..
Why are my calls failing?
Once you add credit it takes ages, like 30min for the credit to be available. Ive never seen something so soow like it
After the update it didn't fix any issues, it made the app unable to send texts, images etc. And for the love of God do not asked me to switch networks because my network is running smoothly. So please fix this damn problem
Very good in perfomance
Lll kidding l lol llll lol into l ki out the Jon
You shouldn't have to earn the minutes, they should let you call without minutes.
Installed and uninstalled for game
It's is good 👍
Nights we don't have phone service thank you call app
I love text now im so glad to be able to use this app
Trying to download the app but not downloading. It's fraustrating.
Don't always get photos, and it's buggy. Does its job though i give it that.
So far it's been very pleasant and easy
Give mobile users the ability to use soundboard and I'll give it 5 stars. It's sometimes laggy and not always great, but it serves its purpose 95% of the time and is generally user friendly.
For some reason I'm not getting any notifications for new messages and I find this very troubling.
I will share with you later
Skype has been a garbage app for a long time. It hijacks your camera or other apps prevent skype from using camera.
Even after deletion, this app causes spam pop ups on my phone constantly.
Always drops the calls
Latest update is worst
I think this app..  Work in some countries..  But more countries don't working..  I'm still not available..  I can't change my chat.,, online
Trassh
I used to like this app but after the latest update, it went downhill. What
Great reception on calls, when the app actually lets you make calls. For weeks now I have been getting a "no signal" notification anytime I try to make calls. App worked great for about a week or two and since then no signal. I have gone through all the troubleshooting recommendations and no change. Judging from the copious amount of ppl responding on the apps help page, it seems to be the same issue everybody is having with this app. Very unreliable. I even bought extra minutes for it. Waste.
Good app to have plus it's free.
So far I love it
Good service
Watched a number of videos to earn minutes and DIDN'T receive them! Correct the problem and I will revise my rating.
Praise the Lord Glory hallelujah thank you Jesus! ☦️✝️🌄🌅
Wouldn't log in on phone one day, no reason why.
Great for group messages! We use this at work.
This is a cool app and it works as it should. Thanks
It's good in all but I can't call!! And yes I do have minutes
You guys are about to lose over 2k users because apparently this app is not secure and you don't keep things confidential.  If it wasn't for that this would probably be the absolute best app ever.
This app worked fine before SOMETHING happened. Now, I'll get STUCK on a channel multiple times a day and then I'll have to reset the app?! If I try to switch channels, the current channel will stay on screen. I can't even go to different servers/rooms. Resetting over and over is annoying and this needs to be patched. Otherwise, the app will continue to be mid.
Loading file is the only one drawback i found in this app.. Except that everything fine ...
It a good app
Best app in the world
I kove it thank you
Security is important, but sometimes need to check the old messages.
Does what it advertises pretty well, solid interface, and I haven't found any problems except that girls never respond to my messages...
Feyton
what happen to this apps?? it worse i cant send a message i try to uninstall and re install its not working!
Its nice I don't have any problems
Somehow pulled my old last name from my ex husband instead of my remarried name. Won't allow me to click the link to join a discussion my trainer sent, just keeps sending me to the general home page of the app. Doesn't show the chat when I search exactly how it's named. Terrible app.
I don't understand this app how can I create my own account because it's very hard to me
Great app. Just to many texts from telemarketers. Need to do away with those.
If the WiFi connection your using is strong then your almost guarenteed to enjoy using the app with no dropped or undisturbed call or text service. #1 when it comes to not having your phone service on & much more reliable than the "Text Free" app!
Lol I rated this 5 stars a year ago. It's slowly become such an unoptimized piece of garbage that I have to restart the app about a 1/3 of every time I open it just to get it to properly connect and update. Some messages and Reacts just disappear into the aether. Please fix your stuff instead of breaking it...
sometimes when I open it I cant see my messages because when I get the notification it hides my message and i cant see it until about 10 after its been sent
Laggy replies and keyboard
I like it! I just dropped one star because as an Android tablet user I would like to use an app similar to the iPad one, not the phone app.
Shame on you sweden
For me an Mandy Muse My 💕 it's 😃 Great since we both been caught on New Signal 🚦🚥 you know U S an the Kids been 👍 getting a long nicely on The new Signal app So I got a 👍 go.
It should let us have free calls
Clear sound all around great reception
this app is great for text if you don't have a phone number but this app is very glichy and it is not just my wifi or electronic it is just very glichy
I think the all i can say is that this app is good best for people who wanna make new friends
You don't get to text with no internet
No way of turning off sounds for just chat notifications. I would like them to pop up but silently. Now I have to turn off all notifications just to stop the irritating Skype noises. Very poor configuration with android. Expected more.
Doesn't work for verification purposes.
New UI is hard to navigate and unbelievably slow. I don't understand the need for this revamp. We already had a revamp last year.
Great App but por support for Android. Android Auto cannot answer calls like iOS can on Carplay. There is no Android pairing with a tablet, unlike iOS and, when you send a message on Android auto you get a 'reply notification '.
Its a very good app
sucks doesn't ever want to connect or let text go through
I am not seeing a lot of my message history in DM, even after searching for the messages
My time Is gone
Its a great app for phones that can actually run it. On my old (and only) android it lags for over 7 seconds when using it, and crashes very often.
Meh. Lots of dropped calls, about twice the rate of having an actual sim card network connection
Errrm you have to PAY for verification codes!!
When I try to call my friend a08 repeatedly keep saying connecting and it will not connect to my friends and I won't be able to talk to my friend because I always say connecting
The new UI update is horrible! The app went from smooth, easy to use and intuitive to an extremely frustrating, clunky and unintuitive. The older version was miles better and there was zero reasons to change the UI. If something isn't broken do NOT "fix" it!
Alot of ads but other than that unless if u dont got wifi then u good
Works pretty good service ehh ok loose drop calls when rainy bad weather a lot and breaks up a lot in bad weather but very happy and thankful to have Nd be able 2 have use this app e joy peace
It should be to were we can change our phone number anytime
I gave the new UI a try for the past month and find it unappealing. Many actions require more effort to perform. Ie. Searching and switching to/from DMs. Additionally, there is a nasty bug that brings me to the same message repeatedly whenever I open a DM. I have to scroll to the bottom of the DM to read a new message. In the end, I forcibly rolled the app back to a previous edition and turned off auto updates. I will update if the above issues are addressed.
Never had need for this app.
Update ruined it
I do like it, i think that's probably because I only talk to one person 🙃
Sucks like ass app be freezing in a middle of a call and you can't even hang up sometimes got reset your phone call stay drop ing😡
Great communication app
Why me can't download on this Samsung s9
Texting is not free
Free text app needs money to receive text. Absolutely covered in ads. This app didn't used to be like that. Another corporation consumed with greed.
Calls are wonderful but the app as a whole is extremely laggy which is getting on my nerves and it sometimes can have extremely Loud static and echos
Very reliable to assess 💞
wont ring when i get calls and have to refresh every time i get a new message or call
Just got on to GroupMe not long ago, & so far, so good!
hate that people use this to harrass other
A good, strong alternative to FB or WhatsApp. Privacy and Security is top quality. A good app for everyone who values their personal information and doesn't want it shared or sold on. Share it with your friends.
I never had any problems. Skype. but make sure you have an outlook email. makes things easier. I like all the information it has to offer.
My number keep changing, and I had to buy the plus still yet the same thing all my $7 Gone
Not able to send message except us and Canada
The old ui system and interface was better for mobile, this new one is laggy, difficult to handle and boring, the old one was easy and could do multiple task like checking who dmed you without closing the server, and not laggy also, it was easier you guys should bring back old discord.
Works really well, updates me really often, the only downside was trying to get set up and invited to my group was super difficult.
I pay for nitro and it won't let me boost. Says something bc of Google play
My Discord app is not updating for a reason, I'm on ( Galaxy Tab S6 Lite ) and I tried to update the discord, but somehow, nothing changed. I hope discord reply to me.
Wouldn't transfer messages from native text app. Tech support said I missed a prompt that only ever appears once then its impossible to transfer all your existing messages. There was no prompt.
You know, why we have to "buy" minutes, to make even local calls, is beyond me. Other's like your service, do not. So, like before, I uninstalled, and I'll never use TextFree again.  It's very disappointing that you guys claim "Free calling" when it's only free for incoming and calls to other TextFree accounts. Sorry, but that is indeed, false advertising.
The app works well and it's cool I can text my folks in other countries but I get a bunch of notifications saying I was just called by some random number and it's so freaking annoying ~!!! Does anyone run into the same problem?
Ui update is god awful, how in the hell do you go from something that's decent but worked to something completely different that only works after you close app 2-7 times, or begins to have issues if you watched youtube in full screen, closed app then switch to discord? I don't understand the need to change for the sake of change. Hell even the nitro stuff requires you to log in on PC, so what's the point of showing the options if you can't have access on IOS and Android?
Buggy on Poco X3 NFC with miui v14 Send button often gone, need to restart apps often before it comes back. Very inconvenient to reply chat if the send button is gone.
I love this app, but it doesn't notify me about messages or calls. I dont know if its my phone,(even though notifications work with other apps)but its a serious problem and its really irritating.
Yell I.berly getting this App so I.hope it works
what is problem from 5 days any id are not sign up
Cool for enjoyable conversation across spaces, especially when the Internet is good. Not suitable for poor Internet connection
Actual garbage. Use to work great. Now it won't even call out. Just says connecting. Or when someone calls you, you hear them but when you speak its completely mute. And its not a hardware issue because calling on other apps works just fine. Actual garbage get your stuff together text now.
The new update is horrible. Searching in server, looking at pins that were once full text and helped my players know what to do/where to go is now useless. Muscle memory keeps swiping and tapping things that have completely changed the way they work so when I try to swipe for pins, who's online, search, etc I reply to a post instead. Have to access messages differently. Why would you change the whole scope of how your app works? Especially when so many told you we didn't like it the first time?
Android keyboard gif integration has been broken for some time now. GroupMe is changing the gif into a still picture. This doesn't happen in other apps, and it's affecting multiple Android users in our group chat on GroupMe.
everytime I am on a call it drops..and sometimes u can not make or receive calls ..I only had it about a week so I given it a D for grade.... hoping it will get better before I ditched the whole app
Hi, I have a problem with a message "unaivailable in your country"... I'm from Ecuador Latin America, thanks for your help.
Using it daily and satisfied, wish when you link it to a computer you had the option to pull chat history, with password or pin
Our Oxford house runs so much better than before we had Groupme.
Meh...won't send pics and vids when connected to wifi
How are you just gonna ruin your whole app by making it so I can't text non-signal users any more? The only reason I even kept this app was so I wouldn't lose all my text threads but now it's not even worth it anymore. What a crock. Y'all failed.
Have to update my review after version 211.15 - "Stable" update. Appreciate your update but this version is very much unusable and I am tired of trying to just ignore it.
I am not a fan. I got banned for "violating" their terms of service. I cannot get back on my number at all. When I did have it it was good for texting but I got banned for no reason.
I just registered my account then it says I am disabled? Something went wrong to your identification, I only started yet I misconduct? Please fix this I really want o use this app
After the last update Not working at all!!! Choose themes screen on forcefully without responding
New UI is horrendous
Privacy is important...throughly enjoy using it
Moderation sucks but overall well made.
This app sucks. Freezes up 90% of the time. Takes forever to load up. The only way I can shut the notification music off when someone texts or calls me is by restarting my phone. It interferes with other texting apps. Its a real aggravating app to deal with. Now I understand why its free. I have done spent $200 dollars on two more phones because I got so aggravated and smashed them because of this app. I tried re-downloading it several times and nothing works. Junk. I highly recommend you dont us
Awesome app to communicate with each other as a group 😊
It .. OK. Recently text sound notifications have stopped coming thru no mater what I change in the settings. Call quality is sub par but passable.. sometimes. It's just.. OK
Unfortunately getting people to converse on anything but whatsapp is very tricky... I love the app, having it instead of Googles default sms provider is perfect. Due to not enough people I know on signal (and sometimes they don't get notifications) I don't think without sms support I will make any use of it. Hope they decide to reconsider, or come up with a new cool idea as I support anything not meta related.
They took my number even though I had just used it and it's still available but they won't allow me to get it back smh
Except the web desktop interface this app is the best
As a replacement of Messenger and WhatsApp. It does the job. In use now for 3 years already.
I cant wait till there is more phone options. Overall great app!
A good way to reach out.
The perfect app for chat :)
Good group msg app, but can be hard to pre-read messages due to small text box when entering a message, so you will need to type in another notes app and copy paste the message if you want to pre read.
The DM feature will not work for me. I have attempted to contact support multiple times and haven't gotten a response. Would be great if it did what it is supposed to do.
-Once you post a photo ... you cannot delete it. -And photos posted on chat do not automatically save to the gallery ... Need help with this
I can't ever hear when I get a notification with this app and for me it's
Not able to install this app. Automatically uninstalled in my device
I wish it would let you choose music for text sound, and the text sound is sooooo low. I miss a lot of texts. :-(
Why does my number keep changing?
reading
though confusing at first, is better. Well organized and has a lot more
Its been months since im using this and its really good,But it kept crashing alot everytime i opened it
When I Call Someone They CAN'T Hear  Me, And When I Text They CAN'T See Any Emojis I Send.
skype. End of a long story
Dropping SMS support, and will become nearly useless for me overnight as soon as it does.
I only get 1 call out of 10 why
Consider to leave after SMS has been removed. Might only keep on, because some family members are on it
The best WhatsApp alternative. The software is fantastic, however gifs and stickers from the Google keyboard don't always paste in the chat, saying signal doesn't support stickers. Also, the thumbnail of the image I copied does not always appear in the conversation section. It would be fantastic if there was a way to edit the chats. Also, the stickers are limited, so it would be great if it could accommodate external stickers.
As long my account Don't get verified like i need the phone number im good i just hate it that i have to do it in my different account
New update is horrible and every subsequent update fixes bugs for about a day, and then they come back. Getting rid of the swipe controls was stupid. The layout is stupid and unintuitive. All these canned message responses to reviews tells me that no one is actually reading anything or taking in feedback. I've never seen a company go to such lengths to destroy something so many people use and refuse to revert the changes after widespread outcry. Sad!
great app% awesome
Keeping our group in touch. Thanks!!
Never rings the first time somone calls me
I myself have used this app for years now. I have to say it's really good. The only thing is the new update is terrible in my opinion. It's harder to navigate and everytime I click a new text channel, it scrolls up into earlier messages making me have to scroll all the way down again. But overall a really good app and I have recommended to friends.
Best privacy app
Hey GroupMe, your stuff is messing up again.
Good interface works well
Outstanding really works great
Been using Discord since 2017. Really really dislike the new update layout. Why keep changing what isn't broken? Every single new update they release now makes the experience worse.
if I add activity in the application, I will give 5 stars
Discord has always had its problems, but it was ok. Nowadays it's super annoying, aggressively trying to push users to pay for nitro - which is all the more reason not to.
Why am I finding it hard to download this app😓
The new update is the worst
good app, but theres a bug where i cant send videos that are over 3 minutes. it doesnt send a warning, it simply just closes the app. i know my video isnt too much data to send so please fix.
Great app..
Plss fix the bug my Gmail is right but I can't reset the password🥲
Hangs, lags, slow. Old one was best.
The newest mobile UI update completely ruined discord, made everything more confusing and harder to use, and is just a bigger load on the system.
Any kindof Mute do not work you made where the will call you a mute there self and the video they will hind there video I hate this app you can't delete anything to me The only one it is in private is 2 people talking to each other oh maybe no 1 else can look at what your content is who you are but Google is a data collector it won't let nothing go and it knows everything about you far as I'm concerned Google do not have the right to collect any data of any kind or save any password without f
App has a very bad UX, when I'm in call, I have to tap the screen to see the menu for microphone mute and other stuff but problem is, it's not showing immediately or sometimes never. I tapped and tapped but nothing happened. Please you don't have to hide those options. Make it visible for all the time. That way user can take immediate action whenever want.
It's good to keep up on playing games like Destiny 2 with my clan on my phone. But I can't ever use it for my Xbox gaming chat.
messages work fine over VPN. Please investigate.
Having a lot of issues lately, discord has been crashing a lot lately or just not working
The app isnt letting me know when i get important messages and its messing with my work. My notifications are on and everything, thats not the problem theyre just not letting me know, i have to physically go onto the app and check to see if I have any messages, but by then its too late.
Vwry useful for games
It used to work perfectly fine & had no lagging or notification or incoming message ringing issues. Now that I subsequently had to reset my phone and reinstall now these issues arose. I completed a help desk report and the issues aren't fixed and I'm sure they don't plan on fixing anytime soon. They send mediocre suggestions on how to "maybe" fix. It's basically a bug issue on pinger's side of the table. These issues occurred on my Huawei prisim 2. I uninstalled and suggest you find a better messaging app.
This app used to be great and I would get my notifications if I got a message now I won't get a notification at all that I have a message and I am supposed to I have it set up for me to get notifications for this app and I don't anymore I'm not sure what's going on with the app but this is very disappointing
THERE IS THIS BUG THAT MAKE THE CALL SCREENS MUCH LARGER AND IT'S ALSO VERY LAGGY PLS FIX IT NOW And why do you ban me on my other account?
Prompting me to subscribe can't get past the pay wall so it's not text "free"
Got problem phone number shows wrong number. Never was number I had. And its different on tablet .
I don't like this app at all so I took it off my phone.
Can't even get into call or messages app don't recommend
Lags, can barely connect even on WiFi, I have one message I read that still says unread, and I don't get notifications for a group that I don't have muted
I hate it 💋💋
I just got told I need a new number over and over when I tried to send a text. So that was awesome for the 5 minutes I had it.
it keeps glitching telling me the app not working rn
It's a good app for communication and responses however event calender should be added. Currently not getting notifications from conversations until I actually open the app.
Great, secure way of sending messages.
Wish you could keep a contact list separate from regular contacts and keep messages longer than 5 days.
Discord is great, we all know and love discord. This app is hot garbage. It's extremely slow to pull up servers or messages. It's completely unintuitive. Bring back the old app
everything is good in this app
I proudly give it a two-star review. Not only because the spam calls but also when I try to call somebody the volume goes blank like there is no sound when it is supposed to be ringing. It only works sometimes and that is like 5% of the time!
It's ok.
Needs individual contact ringtones and the ability to use my phone's sms plan I have no problem paying for Skype calls but I get sms free even on a budget plan.
I had very few technical issues with the app and it came in very handy when I was living in an area where I could not get cell phone sevice. But I purchased a recurring subscription for the app that I no longer need. I have looked everywhere and cannot find a way to cancel.
There is something wrong Samsung Galaxy devices. I have Samsung Galaxy A54. Every time I use the voice message feature, my voice sounded so low, I have to increase my phone volume to around 80% to 95% just to hear the preview or the result. I'm afraid some people even my fans on my Discord server needed to do the same by increasing their phone volumes that much. It would be so annoying and irritating for them.
Dropped calls alot
low cost awsome
I used to use this a lot before I got my permanent plan. It has always been amazing and has continued to be so
I hate the new menu navigation, please reverse.
The app is great, but it needs option to customize who can view your profile picture (just few contacts, not all of them) Please add it
The bets
Wish I can give 0 star I can't even login, keeps saying invalid password or email even when I just reset it
This is a good communicable application between two country for public
Texting is okay but when you try to make a phone call with the other person says they can't hear you too much static and going in and out so that's why I'm only going to give it one star that's just for texting if you could fix the phone quality I'll give it a higher rating
free isn't it...?
I like GroupMe and how it's ran. Great way to communicate!
I paid for minutes and I didn't use the number for awhile and they just ate up the minutes!! I know the number gets recycled or something... but my minutes I paid for got eaten up. No good SMH
WiFi quality degrades over time...on each WiFi connection...starts as Excellent the decrements to Poor without movement
oftentimes UI lays out in a weird way and some buttons get stuck outside of the screen. I have to restart the app to fix it every time which is annoying
Skype has very good facility and it's flow is also smooth without any hindrance. I have always used it confidently. It needs add one facility, for example when any call comes, it should message that the device is busy, because sometimes we are discussing some important issue or do not want any disturbance at that time. Now this facility is not available so it troubles the discussion and if we pic the call the discussion will be disconnected. Besides audio channel also need separate track.
Good but some bugs.
Since the update its become so awful to use, always have to re open it to view messages and the ui update was just beyond useless, change it back ffs.
This app used to be really good. The new layout was pointless and hard to get around to find my servers and annoying. Not only that but it's glitching more than it usually does and I have to keep closing the app out just to get the app to work again
Recent changes to the application has made me unlikely to recommend it to anyone. The UX changes are not intuitive, clunky, and difficult to navigate. The lack in parity to the desktop application and prioritization of monetization have become major turn offs, especially when other services offer similar features for free. I've down graded my application until a revision of the layout is made, or I'm forced to update. In case if the latter, I'm be uninstalling.
Suddenly BANNED for NO reason I've used this app for years with no problems. Suddenly I've been Blocked and Banned permanently. Customer support REFUSES to tell me why. I used this # for many things, and now I need to change my contact info for MANY sites.
Sim card y'all sent is not working
Everything is great yet continuously adds fire station, health emergency and police contacts to phone. Imagine 10 police numbers
This app is good but when you try to friend someone and you type in their name,it never shows you options of which person you wanna friend. Because there could be many people with the same name and you never know if your friending the right person. Please reply and help me to understand this
Too hard to sign up.
All my calls drop but the texting is good
Its ok but after like 2weeks i get registrait email and i put it but it says that email is alr taken
Awesome until last update and it freezes all the time. Sends messages over n over again to people. Please fix asap!
I really like this app and would give it 5 stars but my calls keep dropping and incoming calls doesn't ring.
I'm unable to log back in on my new device, it keeps saying something went wrong try again later. I been trying for almost a week now. I use this for work and it's very inconvenient to use my tablet for now. Pls fix?
Doesn't go more then phone
it helps me contact family and friends
Ive been using pinger for a while and now that i got pinger ultra its been causing me problems..ive been having to force close just to get my messages to send and to receive them.. and the messages i thought were sent didnt send at all and i have excellent connection.. over all i love the app and the update but there are a few minor issues im having.. Pinger please fix this problem
Please fix bug for andriod,ios, and another apk in website
Don't waste your time with these Jerks! I have been a paying user for Months if not Years at this point and they deleted my account WITHOUT WARNING for apperinatly violating there terms and conditions' and what's worse is they said they can not tell me what or how anything happened. NO customer support on it so I have lost EVERYTHING out of nowhere! Worse is they offer services that DO NOT WORK in Canada! LOOK ELSEWHERE for a VOIP app with Texting because these guys suck! Google remove them!
I have been using this app for years and it's great for texting. Its one of the only free texting and calling apps out there where you can contact ANYONE, as opposed to the rest of them that require you to only contact other people who ALSO have the app. The negative is phone calls...if i have an EXCELLENT wifi connection i MIGHT be able to make a call. Also I can't get my phone to notify me when a call is coming in...i only know there was a call when i get the notification that i missed it.
Great app, but run by people who don't listen to the community. Adding a new UI and forcing users to use it while also removing the (already programmed) toggle to turn it off is unacceptable and says a lot about how they value their users. Discord doesn't care and actively make poor decisions that do nothing to enhance the app, even when there is a unanimous agreement against a feature. I'm forced to use this app only because everyone else does.
Video call its svce ...bad ...
Awesome so far.
Took away the sms messaging
I really liked using Discord but unfortunately I have to give it a 2 star rating based on the recent update that makes it infuriating to use. The update makes you do more extra steps than it's simple old format, I just got confused trying to figure out how to DM people and it really SHOULDN'T be that hard to literally navigate a menu and send a text. I am very unhappy with this update and even when I tuned off automatic updates, it still updated and it doesn't give me the option to downgrade.
Very bad
I dont know how to use
so good I love this app🤩🙌🙌
I tried to verify my number again but it said that the number i was going to use is already being used, i had discord awhile back now and i used my number on my old account but now i cant log back in my old account since i cant remember the password and log in information, so now when i try to use my number in my new acc i cant seem to get it to work, please help.
Great for College and a good way to connect with your classmates, outside of class
When i received the number it keeps logging me out
this used to be an awesome wifi phone app. It is very dependable and has great call quality. It saved me from having to pay for phone service since having a very tight budget doesn't allow for it. I use it as my main phoneline, and it's associated with all of my major accounts in real life. But now, it says that I have to pay $5 per month JUST to receive a verification code if I need one. How is that fair? Obviously if I am using a free wifi based call/text app, I cannot afford the EXTRA fees!
Never used it, yet.
GUYS PLEASE FIX THE BUGS, IM NOT ABLE TO SEND A 2 MIN VIDEO IN THE CHAT.
This is useful for traveling if you're not keeping your regular number. $9+ per week for verification codes is EXPENSIVE. I can get a cheaper phone plan with data. Having different tiers and doing monthly and yearly would be beneficial.
Its awesome aside from rare crashing its simply great and i can connect with so many friends, new update but for some people no matter how good your data is it wont connect to discord
Not going to update from now on until it allows me. Horrible new ui changes on the app as far as looks and accessibility goes. If I wanted to use Messenger, I'd use Messenger. Discord has always been the texting app I never thought would have an update to make me consider uninstalling. Well if I'm forced to update to this god awful ui I will uninstall. What's next? Stories?
Its not letting me upload a profile pic! It's starting making me mad
I Love Skype my grandson can talk to his mom or dad when is at my house
Wonder connection and communication tool
Indeed, it's private, and I love the graphics, and they made things easy
very bad experience
it takes 3 seconds since you type until you actually see the letter on the
Unable to get notifications,
Would be 4 stars if emoji was working please fix this soon
Gotta pay to received a code nope thank u
Its been pretty good
Isn't very reliable. Phone calls will end unexpectedly and randomly. Sometimes you won't receive calls or texts. It isn't completely a useless app however. It just has some areas that need to be fixed!
Love using the app, but it has a few issues. When I'm texting certain people, it only shows my text. Why is that? Can someone please help with this issue.
I recently bought skype credit, but no credit was given to me despite the fact that the payment was successful. (I did eventually get the skype credit after waiting for a day or so.) Hence, I tried contacting the support. I was initially on position 18 in the queue, and ten minutes later I was on position 1. Yet, after additional 20 minutes I still wasn't able to talk to the support team...
Max video length is 10 seconds. Other than that it's pretty much easy to use and nice emoticons
This app failed to sign me up for days. It wasted my time
Great app
The recent ui changes are unnecessary and annoying. Please revert them.
It worked brilliant at the first time when i used it. But later it stopped receiving OTP of WhatsApp and Even stopped receiving call. And also it doesn't play voice mail. Always show error when i press play button. Also started hanging on my device. Please solve it
Unfortunately I have no reason to use this after they removed the ability to SMS from inside the app. It's too hard to keep track of who has Signal and who doesn't.
The person i was calling said they could not hear me and they couldn't join the face time call or call so i have no idea what happened but i don't really think it deserves a 5 they could only text me
It's not good if you get the free option
Listen it's me I'm sorry about all the times before I'm hoping you can accept the apology but I accidentally deleted my account its Grimm#5589 I was hoping you get me my account back please and thank
Push notifications? Where are they?  :(
chat app if your group is open to it. Unfortunately, mine is not.
It is safe and private.
It takes a while for text messages to go through also the signal is very really strong enough to make a phone call
Tons of adds, and it doesn't give notifications when someone calls or texts you
Be warned: If you change your pin, you will lose access to anything that's attached to your account forever, be it chat histories, stickers, or your bio. You can't even restore a backup you made prior to this! Not that the app ever tells you that explicitly, I had to find out the hard way. So make absolutely sure you never forget or change your pin or everything will be lost! I genetally prefer messaging apps that value their user experience a bit more, hence the one star review.
No problems and easy to set up.
I got to talk to a friend who I have seen in 11 years thanks to skype p.s. I am 38
It won't give me my minutes
Terrible. I went into the app and pressed sign up, but it did let me choose my phone number, but it is not signing up. I did all of this including force stopping the app, clearing my data, cache, and uninstalling the app but nothing is working.
Cant escape the bugs with this recent update
It's fine when it works. Seems like there is a new update every few days. Messages just stop going through until you figure out there is a new update. It's probably the most high-maintenance app I have ever seen.
No  one uses it😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😣😣😣😣😣😣😣😣😣😣
For just texting, it's ok, but for calls, it SUCKS!!!!Calls drop left and right and that's using WIFI. Using data they drop too. It needs to get fixed immediately. For now, I don't recommend this app.
Doesn't call out a lot. I have to uninstall and reinstall just to get it to work.
Can the other person see the ads on the text? Or just me?
I love everything about it
It's a very useful app but... About the video calls... I have many problems...
Was perfect for a few years. Now they're dropping SMS support though, so I can't see myself using it anymore.
Too sweet for my liking
Good, supportive,very useful.
I have had great service on wifi however. I have purchased the sim kit and have locked in my number and now I have attempted to install and activate the sim and have only been given an error message asking me to attempt the instal in an hour. This was also after my IMEI was checked for compatibility.
Thank you skype for help to Iranian people,
I LOVE that I can use the widget to see which group is currently sending me messages, but multiple times a day the widget blanks out.  I have to "trash" the widget & reload it on my home screen until it does it again. It's very frustrating.  Would give all 5 stars if the widget wasn't so frustrating. ...
Very disappointing actually!!!____
I had group me at 1 time had not used it for several years now on it again but can't get my new groups to show. Very disappointing.
New UI is terrible, super slow app start, had to revert back to old version....
Only works over Wi-Fi service it sucks that it has to be that way
It's a great app for communication
We use it to keep up to date info with most of our kids activities.
so gar so good. getting mrdsagrs and its not interferring with other apps
Vague updates like "tweaks, bug fixes and performance improvements" is unacceptable for a privacy app. Tell us what you're doing, every time.
Excellent performance. Functional as advertised.
I love Signal, but I'm pretty angry they're removing SMS. Their justification seems disingenuous
Very good the only problem is that unless my phone is on speaker I can't talk to the other person.
THEY DELETED MY LAST REVIEW. this app sucks. It's slow, has to many adds. And worst of all it will not let me answer calls. Worst phone app ever. It used to work fine, then 2022 came.
Turning into garbage, not receiving texts....
Update has 'helpful tip' popovers that are annoying enough to make me look for an alternate app.
You cant delete messages or pics which is really stupid, wonder if they give it to the feds
This app stopped working. It sucks!
It's a really good app, but as of today I'm not able to send images without it stating that it's failed to send the message.. please help me
Great for group activity organization
The app is bacically a necessity when it comes to talking to your friends or joining a gaming group call, so I can't really rate it lower than I did. However, there are many issuses I have experienced these past weeks (I had to manually update the app) that have never occured prior to updating the app. One of these issuses makes voice calls essentially useless, claiming that the app is still "connecting" to the call. Looked for a way to solve this issue, but the app has less settings than pc.
Very helpful and I'm very happy with it.
My app won't load new messages. Only on the browser version.
Think it's about time to improve the quality of the voice calls
Since the update about a week ago, the app is significantly worse. Its filled with clunky unnecessary swipes and motions to do anything, It loads significantly slower and doesnt respond to taps, and if you try to upload a large file the whole app crashes. please revert this back to a usable update or least give us an option to use the old one the new one is unuseable
This app is not letting me send or receive picture messages and I just found out my bf has a BIG bill because my number is apparently a Louisiana phone number. NOT COOL! I also found out my text-free number is a SPAM NUMBER?!?!? This better not be a virus app! Plz get back to me ASAP!
This stuff ok
Good and fast connection
Every time it has an update it stops working and i have to redownload it and change my number again
do NOT use this app. after giving this app my email address, there was a sign in attempt from an unknown device. less than an hour later i received a spam call. immediately deleted my account and uninstalled. this app is free because they sell your information.
Works good. Once in a great while the person receiving the call does not hear my voice at all. Overall I am happy with this app.
Bring back old UI
It doesn't notify me when I have a text message anymore.
gif/meme hardly ever sends. Once in a blue moon can get one to go out on a brand new phone. All updates completed.
Affected my volume and also deleted some of my personal information.
i must say, this new update, I'm pretty impressed with new UI looks, kinda remind me with the UI that i likely use. I'm still not used to it, when typing message, and I can't feel vibration when holding(message/pict/link), or maybe it need some improvement.
Cant listen to spotify while on call.
in.....my user name on Skype is Funtime Springy the Animatronic Rabbit
can not save photos
The new layout that everyone was forced to have is definitely troublesome compared to the old discord. The old one was way better, I wish you could choose what layout instead of being forced into this new inconvenience.
easy nice even layout
Every time i try to talk to someone it is like this awefole sound that we both can hear
It's a good app. Very easy to use, and intuitive.
Hate! the inability to change online status notification in the Android app. Very user UNFRIENDLY.
its nice...and reliable
Just downloaded the app now and can't get past the sign up phase. It keeps repeating the "verify you're not a robot" stuff. Kindly resolve this issue
It is alright. I get to talk with other people online. However when I put it into small tabs on another screen, it glitches. Please fix it, thanks.
Ads like crazy. New update went stupid with ads. Almost can't stand it now.
Signal sucks
Not for me i. This arraS
Hopefully they'll revert the UI changes because they really sucked it on this one.
I think we should all connect!! calling or texting? whatever it takes during special events, birthdays, holidays, new years eves!!! let's become best friends😅🤞💗😁🤓👩‍🏫👩‍💻TEXTNOW!
It's because it keeps on sayin log in when I did already it's getin annoying ugh but what i like about it is that i get to talk to my face YouTubers
Doesn't always notify when you have calls and texts... I miss a lot of calls because of this. Now I will even have the app open and it will show I have a missed call and a voicemail..doesn't even ring or give a notification
Improve in your app for work inside the India.
Enjoying clear audio & video calls
can uninstall it finally.
This is a great app and I use it all the time, but since being promoted to manager I get sent a lot of group texts and the app will notify me that I have one byt wont let me veiw it. The phone call quality was great but since the new update I can make and recive calls but just not hear them.
Can't seem to send or receive pictures
I am not able to use this app if I create an account it says ur violating ur terms and I dont know there are so many bugs freaking so many I am gonna uninstall this application and please try to push the update as soon as possible otherwise
The ads were fine till a few days ago when they started to go fullscreen even when Im typing. Pinger Inc, please fix the ads so that they dont go fullscreen. Or even add an option to pay for the ads to go away, because I will pay to make the ads go away. Thanks, ~Charlie
It's really easy to use and a really good way to get in touch with friends!!!
This new update is very glitchy and it lags a lot and totally unusable please revert back to the old discord
Great app, gets confusing at times. I enjoy the functionality of this app, but there are places where navigation gets a bit confusing. I have a hard time finding what Im trying to get to, or i accidentally go somewhere i wasn't trying to. maybe its operator error, and i just need to use it more to get used to it.
Great app. I enjoy using it.
I have alot of issues watching videos for the FREE minutes. Especially when doubled 2x more on occasions. And I dont receive half of them.! A lot of interupted calls get dropped due numerous ads /commercials popping up! Making it VERY difficult to text and have to repeat calls.
So it's only wifi now I'm guessing? My texts won't send over network anymore, and even sometimes on wifi
texts not coming through
It was good but icouldnt hear anything on call but the other poeple coul hopefully dicord coul fix this to me🙏🙏🙏
Easy way to say in touch
Runs sluggish on my S8. Interface could use refreshing and the emoji style is one of the worst I have seen.
Not Show Call time
Why is the Scype so slow? It takes years waiting for its Phone feature to react to a the numbers being pressed to dial.
Phone calls drop after 1-2 mins every single time. No dark or night mode. Too many ads for such crummy service
much time to load, there are many issue. Last six month or more u have this
I wish you would have saved my pictures and phone
Can't add people to a group call if they aren't previously in the group. Group call doesn't give a ring. It only gives a notification that goes unnoticed as any other notification. This specific missing feature is the main reason why everyone I know is refusing to switch to Signal despite privacy concerns! Come on!!! Please just add these features
Having issues while saving the videos.
After the newest update, every time I open my new chat (personal chat), it doesn't immediately scroll to the new unread messages Switching between servers to private chats are also not as smooth as before since they're in two different tabs. I kinda liked the old interface better when it comes to UX (although I do think the new interface is 'neater' when you look at it) Sometimes there's a glitch that makes me unable to send pics unless I restart the app
I use it at work. It's ok.
I paid $4.99 for a permanent number and I got scammed. I want my money back or fix this bug. DO NOT PURCHASE A NUMBER People. It's a scam!!!
What happened to the good old Skype? The recent version is just rubbish - you can't see whether person is online by just looking at your contact list, there used to be these green/yellow circles next to the name, but I need to click on each contact every time. Why on earth did you change the whole layout?? It is sooooo user Un-friendly now!
Comes in handy for ah second line phone app.
Very slow slow
Today I have missed two interview calls because when I get calls or make them I get to say hello then the call drops. Really frustrating 😡
The new ui is nasty
Sometimes I receive a call but it doesn't allow me to answer
Give the option to return to the old UI, tell your software engineers to stop trying to fix something that clearly wasn't broken :)
Everyone is racist
The slowest app on my Android Go 13 smartphone. 10 seconds to open messages 😱 dear people, please install Viber/Whatsapp and avoid this slowpoke. Don't install the Russian Telegram.
The archive chat feature doesn't work on pixel phone
This service is great other than the ads.
I ended up having to set my calls and messaging to Text Now as the default. Until I manually changed it to the default for my calls n texts n my settings.
Too many annoying ads that you can't back out of.
Super slow experience, the app is clearly not optimized for Android phone.
I've never had a problem with this app until now. I can hear everyone else, but they can't hear me, I'm receiving text messages hours later.
It's fine but at the moment it's not giving me notifications! It'll be silent all day then I'll open it to a billion messages even though it's on online status and my phone's connected
I can't send photos, videos and memes
To many ads bring back the 4.99 plus subscription other than that great experience
I love this application because it is intended for gamers and games, and you can meet new friends.
When I try to join a call it would say connecting and when I get in the call I can't hear anything and no one can hear me. Besides that it's good
No longer supoorting SMS! This is a huge disappointment, I liked being able to text everyone using signal, encryption or not. Now that they are dropping SMS and I only have a handful of friends on Signal, there's no point in me using it. It's not practical. Time to go back to my buggy, bad default SMS I guess. 😔
All I want for Christmas is to give you 5 bucks for a no ad version!  The ads kill my data! Please
The team that made this app are exceptionally creative Keep it up
Works for what it needs to.
With the newest update I cannot use the app, because it crashes continuously.
Excellent app. Secure and private. Open source. You're not controlled by Big tech companies like Google or Microsoft.
Can't seem to create an account and I'm not sure why ..
I need the upgrade!! And i need it so can you help me out!??
I used it for years, uninstalled after they dropped SMS support.
The new UI is not the best update that has come to discord and has infact effect the flow of managing friend accounts. If the devs see this review I highly suggest reverting back to the original UI as doing so will fix the now uncomfortable layout of this new update.
Great app for chatting in a group just don't like how buggy it is.. It freezes up a lot for me and messages have a delay when trying to send and receive. I get the notification but takes a while to pop up on the feed. other than  that,  ok app.
I have to have this app for my kids sports notifications. IT WONT EVEN LET ME SIGN UP!!! Uugghh. It's crazy. I shouldn't have to work this hard for an app. I've been trying for over a week. Even updated it. Still nothing. Just frustrated. It's a shame. My husband is having the same problem. I have an LG phone and he has a Motorilla. So, I don't think that's the issue. Whose bright idea was this anyway. I'd rather use carrier pigeon at this point!
You know what's a bit terrifying folks? When it's not advertised in giant bold print that by using an app... you consent to your screen lock being disabled and people being able to do whatever they want to almost everything on your phone. If you use this app, your phone is already the shared digital/intellectual property of the developer, it's just in your palm, dear user. Why would anyone consent to the contents/projects on an SD card or a phone to suddenly be allowed to disappear or be stolen? If my friends and family were being interacted with by an adulterated extension of myself I would consider it criminal. Lesson learned... PHONE CARD. The other text/call apps have similar complaints. If you don't have the money for a phone card then you are putting yourself at risk using these kinds of apps, for 'free'. The information age thrives off of ignorance as much as the iron age thrives off of swords. Like, develope and administrate an app like this? The motive would probably be stealing and selling information. Talk about fine print... And even if no one cares, earn credit methods don't function, I could only text. So, maybe become less suspicious or share your intentions in all these ridiculous permissions. From 5 stars and good review to this straight up real talkin'. Please keep the public informed.
Works well.
Free WiFi texting is great but app really causing phone to lag and freeze
is always worked great for me
Been having issues for months now I can't even get it to call out anymore 🤦‍♀️
Love the text now app but just wish that you could keep your phone number a little longer it may not be necessary all the time to use it but then again other times it's very necessary and you're always having to give out a different number no one knows how to get a hold of you so unless you buy it but that's okay it's a free phone I'm not complaining thank you very much
i can not scroll chat when join a group chat then back
When it becomes perfect you wont even notice it :)
Every time I call a friend and they go into a game it makes me not hear them and all of a sudden they get out of the game and go back into the app i can hear them then
This a good app but I can't see the images that people send me
This app is used by a lot of job scammers so, maybe don't use this app. I'd give it zero stars if I could.
Images generated with MidJourney V5 cannot be sent to someone else, they are completely black. The format is .png
This app won't notify me about calls and texts, I'd have to physically open then refresh the app in order to receive what wasn't delivered, pls fix.
I'm sure you will take care I can see the text I got a few friends that sent a text to me and wants to know if I can get to take a look at it to anyone who has a text to see what it says on the site to see
Reception not working good
Just as long as its secure
Lost my credit of $19 just because I had not used it for a certain time. Skype felt they can just have it 🤔😲. Thieves.
Does not transfer to new phone well
kindly enable chat history.
Today i have had problems with sending a receiving texts. I will send a message and it will pop up with the 'sorry' message and make me retry my message. Also everytime i get a message the 'sorry' message will pop up even though i have gotten the message.
I've had the app for three years I'm thankful they need to take out the ads every time we use the phone no need to see them it's useless to me...
Used to be great now a very buggy and uneven UI the PC app is fine but the mobile one keeps going down the drain with time.
Great when u out of service
When we calling anybody on this app then call is not going and quit automatically
Great to use 👍 keeps me informed about my son's team! Go DODGERS!!!
Simply a cool app.. You want features? It is absolutely here
When this works, it's great. However a lot of times when I'm added to new groups, it does not show up on the app. This has happened on many different phones I've had.
Not able to connect Bluetooth headset. What makes situation even worse is
Notifications do not work in the last month or so.
I loved this app, but after numerous updates it changed for the worse.  Now I have to open Pinger and select reset to receive my messages even though I set it to notify me when I receive msgs. In addition, there's a huge time lag between when someone sends me a msg and my receipt time.
It's alright should have been more credits
If you remove sms capability I will uninstall the app. I see you removed it, so I uninstalled it.
I've almost missed work related calls and chats on here because the app doesn't have a notification. Forces me to open the app almost every few hours to avoid danger.
It's a great app just like Whatsapp it doesn't have just status that's the only improvement they need
Why skype freezes when i open it in my android phone.?
The encryption is great. However, besides a few bugs, SMS support is being cut off, without any apologies. This is very inconvenient for me. Bad on Signal! UPDATE: I just updated Signal, and now it flickers every time I write! Shame on Signal.
I can't see what I'm typing it's like the ads take over so I'm constantly having to click on that last thing I typed just to see my message. it's very irritating
i have a samsung a34 5g and the voice message feature works but it only picks up my voice very softly, it works normally on my huawei mate 20 lite but not this one, yes it's up to date...
Been using this app for over a year. I love having a second number!
Great app to talk to friends and hangout
Updated the app earlier and it suddenly starts misbehaving. Uninstalled and installing again, I hope it doesn't misbehave again
If I could give it 0 stars I would
I used to love discord! The app worked just as perfectly as the desktop version but this new layout is -awful-. Inefficient and with unnecessary clicks and just...igh. Horrible. You could have implimented the changes you wanted without fixing what wasn't broken in terms of interface.
used to be the best but now it's literally the worst and completely useless
It wouldn't complete the registration process.
Its a good app
Love the convenience of having important conversations all in one group
I'm disappointed the developers haven't updated the app for smart watch features. I would like to quick rely from my watch and read messages. Also, why can't two end users after to have the option to share and save pictures? That should be an off feature until one end disagrees. I'm give a better rating when I see these features.
Buggy and a bit laggy on the new update. Sometimes, it takes forever to connect. Laggy when switching from servers to messages. UI was a bit hard to adjust to. Fix the buggy connecting issue, I keep having to restart the app to have my messages update and sometimes that doesn't work.
Update Mar 19th: SMS support is removed and so is Signal. I stand by my original review on this. I'm in cybersecurity and the decision to remove sms is typical of amateur or power hungry security professionals. The job is about balance guys. Annoy threat actors without annoying your users enough they find a work around or leave.
Can't even send images or videos anymore since the new mobile update. It always tells me something went wrong and to retry. Even once I reload the app and try again it still doesn't work. The new UI is confusing as well. I do like the addition of being able to see all the media and links in one place though. The app is good overall but the new mobile update is just breaking things on our end.
The faux icons alone make it a 5 star for me.
It mutes itself if you have not texted, so I do not like that I use this for work, and It keeps going mute. I don't get the backup text either.
Fine just great that it's free.
Buggy asf. Does NOT send notifications for new messages. It's comprehensive and has amazing communities. But the app itself is meh.
its amazing, i just wish we could see if someone read my text or not
I love discord but this latest update is the worst, most buggy thing i have ever used in my life. I hate this latest update with every fiber of my being.
It's easy to get started to chat the only thing I don't like is you can't see if someone is writing a message in a chat !
Great app!! Though it never let's me send images in the phone gallery.
petition to change the UI back :)
This App is so nice but discord plzz fix the time issue
Company had my previous review deleted. So where to start it's an ok app... Except you have to send a text once everyday or you lose the number assigned to you and it use to be a couple weeks before that happened. They also use to have a yearly plan to lock your number in for $4.99 but now it's a monthly subscription now. I've decided to go with another app just because of how annoying it is having to text or call someone everyday just to keep my number.
Smooth as silk.
Can the cam in app take horizontal pics?
I used to love this app. Now I'm getting non stop notices that I need to install a new SIM card or be deactivated by 3/20 I spent an hr with VZN 2 find out if i do that my phone will not work! Then i chat with TextNow for 40min giving them all my info & find out, I don't need the new SIM card, I still get these scary messages! Who knows what wouldve happened if I swapped out cards & lost phone access & who knows what will happen in a week! But I'm not taking chances got Google voice.
Never used
Used to work great bit now im getting text messges in a bundle hours later from when they are originally are sent..very unconvenient
my e-mail cant sign in 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆
The new UI update is much worse and slower than the old UI. The server tab hasn't really changed other than being slower than before and swapping between servers and user conversations is much slower and more annoying than before and even seeing who is in the servers, now you have to tap the top of the chat to even see who is in it or on. It is much slower and takes extra steps for something simple. Do not fix something that isn't broken, please.
When I put the verification code it says it already in use i tried it over and over for like 2 hrs pls do something about this
New update is now crashing when I click on a spoiler tagged image so I can't view them anymore. By this I mean it closes the application down and and stops running Please fix this (And I'm not complaining about the UI, I'm now used to it).
Very good, easy to use.
The signal is the alternate of whup ... This my lovable app using it since it's built the new update it's so much brothering me asap please bug the fix issue of video cll,n text sending late issue...
It won't let me send pictures why.?
I can't get verification codes for free
Left a review that was apparently deleted, so here it is again. Discord mobile USED to be fantastic and do its job very well, but they've since forced an update that is horrendous. The UI/UX design is worse than before. You have less information available on each screen, and it takes more clicks to get where you want. So much information is hidden behind unnecessary clicks, unlike before, that it just feels clunky.
some times can't hear on the other end
Edit (12/7/2023): ( * * ) Downgrading review and removing nitro subscription until horrible new update is either repaired or rolled back. New layout no longer optional. Slow, buggy. Accessibility has suffered. Multiple swipes to see previously accessable info. Changes don't increase usability. Managing many chats harder. Prev Review: ( * * * * * ) Not only is it a great tool the Dev are always striving to make it better they take account of user feedback and have an extremely vibrant community
The phone notifications no longer working! Messages are not notified. Please fix guys :(
110% of my calls are dropped and less than 1 minute into the conversation or not at all the other person can't hear me. Please fix it. Please.
App is getting worse and worse for real. It used to stuck on a frane when others open their camera before, now it doesn't even show them when theit camera is on. It constantly crashes ( I mean really, every single time ) when switching between different servers or even when opening chat window.
Removal of sms capability has nerfed the app.
The app is good with innumerable bots but recently it hangs and crashes for no reason
Doesn't display any images or embeds correctly.
Don't like it not a free app
I can't text ANYONE!
Love the free service
Love it!!!
Best pre-paid serious on the market today! 2023!!!
Adding a new layout without a way to revert it.
Good for chiling with the boys, full of weirdos tho.
Using SMS and sending pictures with this app is sometimes super buggy. The SMS sometimes never gets sent and just keeps loading. The picture selection screen shows a bunch of black pictures instead of the actual pictures...
My calls were stable today. Thumbs up
The app won't get passed the enter PIN stage on my motox. Tried over 20 times. The PIN never came via text or phone call.
I need active friends forever please help me
App slows down whenever we chose emojis or GIF. It did not happened in previous versions. Poor Update
I enjoy using discord Although there is a problem I'm on discord mobile I would like to say discord itself Is a good app if I wasnt receiving these problems I would rate it a 5 The problems I'm having on discord mobile is it's super buggy sometimes I would be chatting in servers or to my friends and the messages just freeze I usually have to restart my discord 10 times a Day cuz it's so buggy I talked to other people who are on mobile and they tell me they are having the same problem
I dont have money to buy the message receiver
Horrible messages don't go through keep saying I'm texting too fast this is my company phone n is a shame I have to keep uninstalling n installing just for messages to go through very upset and pissed off I'm missing money
It's fun n u get to make new friends m learn to trust new ppl it always suck bc it took away my nitro n it hasn't been a month yet always when it says free nitro didn't work scammers
TQ very quick support. My problem solved in 10 mint
becomes unresponsive/frozen after 10-15 seconds ... please fix
its ok, this needs free calling tho...
I tried getting this app for texting purposes and was very excited to create an account until I entered my email and created a password only for it to sit a load until I closed out of the app or the timer ran out... I was rather disappointed and now have to find something else.
There is still a Security breach. Servers can still get your IP.
Video uploads don't play. Plus the new UI (don't fix what's not broken) is horrible
Please fix the app behaviour with foldable devices. I'm sick with closing and opening Discord when I use it on cover screen or inner screen respectively.
My calls are almost to a telling point constantly cutting off but I can't get services so this app is very helpful and I am grateful for the most part it has help me in so many other ways.
I guess my former problem of verifying was fixed glad to know you guys attend to complains although I lost my old account but no prob. Good app
Keeping the poor ui changes aside because that I can bear somehow but the performance issues are another thing the app literally doesn't load new images,profile image and emojis after 10 mins in the app .
Didn't know I needed to buy credits for international calling. After a friend called me it cost me to talk them when attempting to buy credits was told it would take 48hrs to appear in my account. I WON'T NEED THEM IN 48 HRS.. I needed them then
I have emailed more than once. I actually watch your videos and would like my minutes. I have downloaded three games bc uhh I watch the videos. Please give me my minutes. This is a recurring problem. Fix this please!
I enjoy the app, it is less problematic than the other apps but I am only giving it 3 stars because..... it does not meet my needs. I purchased the service for the sole purpose of verification codes. I did the trouble shooting, I have adjusted all the settings along with all the google settings and nothing worked. I am keeping the app because it is pretty cool and I'm using it on a phone without service. If the developers can solve that issue, I'll gladly up the stars to 5️⃣
Nice, but need to improve on delivery messages thanks.
It's fine but I do need to mention annoying bugs that I encountered. - Visual bugs(names on PC is different than on mobile) -Sharing screen bug(when scaring screen the connection stability is very low) -Random Disconnection from vc servers
Quite glitchy on mobile following a recent update. Must often restart app to get sent messages to load, many friends are experiencing the same.
It's pretty good, but i have two complaints.  1) When I text from the app on my phone, I have to text really slow or else it freezes, the keyboard disappears, and I have to close the app. And then it loses what I was in the middle of typing.  2) So glad I can send and receive pics now without that email address... But sometimes the incoming pics are very delayed.
I like this app
Hi, I was wondering why discord suddenly shows connecting while I'm on a call and when I tried to uninstall it and log in again, it won't let me. It won't work both on mobile phone and laptop. I already checked our connection and it's fine. I also try to open the Support website to report this but it really won't open.
Your Skype video calls have been dropping without warning. The past two weeks I have noticed a big change in the quality of your services. I'll be talking with friends, when the video unexpectedly stops & freezes, then the call is disconnected. My friends are also having these issues. Please fix! Thanks. ☺☺☺
HATE the new layout. It's all over the place and makes getting to everything so much harder. Still a great way to keep in touch w gaming buddies. But this new layout and UI is unforgivable.
Deleted my account without me asking them to. What's that all about? They block some email providers like tutanota.
Cant seem to get free minutes. I watched 2 videos and compledted one action without being credited. I downloaded this app to text people from my tablet. Everytime I sent a text the app says my phone number expired even though I just selected one. Even if I select a new phone number it still won't let me send a text. UPDATE: I did send an email however I have not seen a response.
It is really hard to use in mobile. This app can't run smoothly in some mobiles.. 😒
pretty good service over 80% of the time
There should b a option to delete your account fr and every time u open the app it takes a fat min to load up ur contacts shows blac screen and the calls are crappy its sometimes hard to understand each other
The application is very slow and hangs a lot. Either the UI is very heavy or not optimized efficiently at all. I have been using Skype for the last 13-14 years or so. I remember it used to work like a charm with 512b ram single core laptopa. It feels like Microsoft is letting Skype die a slow death only to make teams mainstream. Skype has seen it's best golden days. But now it feels like a ignored lost cause. Do something Microsoft. Skype is a useful good product which needs attention.
freindly to use
The app is good, but with the recent update, whenever I'm in a call, it would make my screen go black at random times. I hope this issue can be fixed.
Love using the app, but wish the group owner had deletion privileges.
Very good privacy chat app...
Forced update! Installed this app for privacy benefits. Now that Google stops you seeing permissions before you install/update I have to rely on 'developer says you can trust it' bs. This is one forced update too many.
Best messaging app I've seen yet. But you changed the UI, and I can no longer see when I'm speaking. Sorry but that's a big deal to me. Fix it.
Bring back the old UI
It keeps telling me my textfree number was inactive, Even after I choose another number. Please fix
There's a delay when opening the app but otherwise it's great!
If your Wi-Fi is good, app is pretty good too
Great app, great quality!
Was much better when it could still handle text messages...
Ever since an update or something. I am unable to highlight text to open the menu that mentipns reply, copy, and etc. Menus dissappear and text is shifted over to the right, as well as images.
Bad servis with bot
Its dead if you dont rlly have that many people to talk to but its alright
Sometimes my notifications don't pop up so I see my texts late. Also the calling quality sucks. Other than that its a pretty good app. Would love a option to change the theme
Can't download It
At first it works great for the first or second day but now I'm having trouble receiving messages. So I have to uninstall it and then install it again.
It it ok but the pin option for the app is no longer there and it make it hard to use it like I use to.
I don't know if they're making this app better or worse there are good changes and then really bad ones but I do enjoy being on this app though
Tried to make an account can't even make it thinking Im a bot or spam thats load of bs can't even make account also the verification code expires emmiditialy this is bs
Maximum 30 second calls before it hangs up on you. Most of the time most texts don't send.
Better than whats app and safer. Hope it doesnt end like them.
Ever since they rolled out the new mobile update, Discord has essentially become unusable. Finding anything has basically become a multi-step process. Want to switch from a chat to a server? You now need to back out of the chat, hit the server button, THEN you can find the server. Oh, can't forget how chats will now show you old messages first! The simplicity and convience of mobile has gone down the drain with this update.
Trouble connecting
App never rings properly like it either won't ring and I will just have a missed call or it will ring and freeze my phone
It is a good app.  However, it blew up all of my friends phones some of them aren't top happy!!  Not the best Idea.
I've used signal for years but i have no intention of keeping it without sms
Ripped by Google Duo!! 😭
Nice experience working and chatting with the app...my first experience wasn't funny but I understand the app now
Signal is hacked by dutch government be aware of this please.
I don't like the pop ups and ads everytime I get off a call or something the phone numbers on here may not be Supported.
Removing sms support is really bad idea
I dont like it because u have to add minutes
New update is awful. Can't see who is online
How do I add fresh new contacts not saved on my mobile phone if I only have there email? App is laggy keeps crashing after 1 day of use so it upto date, in chat zo is useless
Was so happy when I first came across this app cause I am currently deployed and wanted to keep in contact with those back home. App worked good the first couple weeks and now it sucks. I have to constantly keep hitting refresh to get my messages and mist of the time I STILL don't get them till hours or days later. Please fix ASAP
I like the additional security measures they have added. It is a very stable app BUT it is still dependent on the stability of the internet connection. It keeps on reconnecting during the call.
horrible UI change
Have a great conversation with anyone
Doesnt always show new messages, this is a deal breaker on its own. I've double checked all my settings
The New design is awful, having everything on the screen was a feauture of discord. Now it's almost the same to any other messenger. At least the pc version is still fine so i put 2 instead of 1 star
The app is not working?! For three days now its going on and off and now not working at all.
Discort bot doesn't work well in Afghanistan. I tried the same commands as other countries' users but got different results. I think Discord doesn't use its full potential in countries like us.
For whatever reason they got people that can't make a good UI and now you are forced to use it, I don't get what was wrong with the old one, it was optimised and user friendly, but now it's a mess. Sort it out and get people who have users experience in mind, not trying to make everything look complicated and fancy. Desktop users have the same layout so that's fine, mobile is not good nor optimised, was fine before this uncessary change
It's weird you have to answer or you're gonna be kicked out because some people don't answer messages
Finding it to be complicated, hard to navigate
The update made the app more slower and more complicated.
I use signal as my primary chat and free phone by net, since 2023 I couldnt login to my phone after factory reset. Always stuck in hcaptcap (we need to verify that u re human part) I choose the right one But always back in enter phone number
Minor UI inconsistencies must be fixed immediately. EDIT: Thanks for this update. Message editing is live now! I love this feature. I would love to see the increased attachment size limits.
Absolutely love the app. I trust Signal to keep my data secure. Im rating two stars because I use the app as my default message app. They're forcing me to have separate apps for messaging because they're removing SMS support. I've used this app for years. I dont want to have separate apps for messaging. Thats a huge inconvenience and not a good user experience at all.
In the past this app allowed sms messages to contact those that didn't use Signal (like members of my family, 2fa messages etc) while having more secure, encrypted messages between Signal users (like my friends). That allowed me to make it my primary messaging app instead of going back and forth between multiple. Now they plan to stop sms capablility. I will likely uninstall, because unsecure comms with everyone I care about is better than secure comms with only a small fraction of them.
app as soon as possible.
I hated it you had to log into Facebook to even do anything
New UI is horrible and the notifications have been inconsistent lately. Just stick to your original UI instead of trying to copy other mobile messaging apps
Nice app. Wish it was slightly more user friendly
Its ok when u need it
I was lead in by an imposter
It sucks my battery dry and makes my phone so slow.
I run this app on a Google Pixel 7 at the latest version of Android, why does this app run slower and way buggier than my OpenSUSE Tumbleweed version of Discord from the repos? It was perfect before Discord decided they had to break a good thing and now I can't even use another app without Discord glitching out and it takes an extra 5-10s on high speed wifi and 5G just to open the app. I hope there's a competitor soon because how the mighty Discord has fallen
Top shelf quarter lick smile if you're lying and that's your boy
My account was flagged for violation of terms while I was still in the middle of creating it. Apparently, it's against the rules to download the app.
i cant login with my gmail account ... why?????
Dropped calls suck tho
Some of the updates have been okay in certain situations, but with the new layout test on mobile being implemented over the past few months to various users, it's made things more difficult to navigate, especially with those who have used discord for years at this point. If Discord wants to make a new layout, that's fine I guess, but there should be an option to choose to use the new layout, much like people could choose the old discord font size that they're used to.
rarely ever works and it never ends the call when i click the end call button or hang up button
Cannot dial a phone number. Thats like a basic feature of a phone. Does it have to look through every contact with every digit? It used to take like 30 seconds to dial a number and on my new phone it does not even work. Please instruct your young developers about basic phone features. Thanks
Im unable to answer or ignore calls. Please look into that.
The redesign is horrible
Thanks for always protecting our privacy. One day I will really want to meet you to help in this work.
App is buggy. Tried to sign up, nothing happens.
don't care about feedback, furry ran and hosted app with illegal cp/sex trafficking communication servers. vile cesspit 🖕🏻
No number blocking/spam reporting. Can only send 1 pic per text
To many fakes and scmmer
Trying to register my number for the past three days. But every time I try it says, too many attempts to register this number. I just need to get back to my account.
It's free but it requires me to pay
Good for texting, but it has some issues. Thought it was fine up till maybe a week ago, when suddenly all the chats lost their names even though they are contacts, instead just displaying the number. More importantly, it no longer displays any pictures sent in the chats, either to or from me. I figured no problem, I'll just update. Which I do...and exactly 1 picture is now visible. The most recent one. Restarted the app multiple times, nothing changes. And thats super frustrating. All it says is "image or video is no longer available". Even the ones I've sent. Can't find any fix online, support page was no help. I want to rate higher cause i generally like the app, but this issue is a major handicap for me, to the point the app itself is almost worthless to me now. If there's a fix for this, please let me know and I'll gladly update ranking.
Love it, always works great
Use to love this app but now it doesn't receive texts or calls until hours later
I wish I could delete or edit messages. If you hide messages, then you miss the next message that is sent. I did receive an inappropriate message from a spammer.
My friends an I use it?
Needs work with call quality, text  speed, ads, and being able to dial 911.
Accepted my new password. It's ok.
The app is slow needs some improvement on this side also the audio is bad
Can no longer receive text verifications for free. You must buy Text+ plan. Pointless to name the app TextFree if it isn't free to receive simple text messages.
Today's video call went much better. Most of the time the audio quality is mediocre, but I would still give the app a rating of a four.
Ive used Discord for years and its always been great, but the new update has made it near impossible for me to use. Different chats dont load up when I switch channels and I dont always see if my messages have been sent. The UI is also making it slower and overall worse. Please make the new UI resemble the old one and I will change my review
Slow as hell but it works!!!
I loved this app until they dropped SMS support. It's the same thing that happened to Hangouts - a do everything app that just worked and then the developers went off the rails. I'm not using multiple apps to communicate, and I didn't really require secure comms except a few times. If they bring SMS/MMS back, I'll come back.
The app my money and I received no tokens. Just download it today. Lost 1.99. Update the email doesn't work to contact them to resolve this problem.
international video call audio and video sucks and lags, but otherwise ok
I don't know these peoples.
For years this app has worked great. Over the last 6 months or so pictures will not load that are sent through GroupMe. Very frustrating when I have to constantly uninstall and reinstall the app just to get it to work.
Love it. For a second number it works great!
It's all right. I like it. It's fun. I'd by the actual phone and service but there no service here where I'm located.
I was on discord and for some reason it just logged me out. It said " Verification Required" It also said " We've Detected something out of the ordinary going on, And we want to keep you and the community safe. To continue using Discord, we will need to verify your account." What does that mean? And I can't get around it.
logged me out and can't get back in
It's a good ap and an amazing thing to talk to people on I just wished it saved any convos or friends you had after you delete it and try to reinstall it no matter what
I just read group scheduling messages I think I signed up on Facebook
Got blindsided by the update today. It's horrible. I can't stress enough how atrocious the new Discord is compared to yesterday's Discord (literally). The old UI was user-friendly enough, this just makes it hard to navigate. Never needed seperate tabs for servers and DMs, never will.
FIX GLITCH. In the middle of doing something on my phone textnow just pops up and I cant go back until after 30 sec. does this on and off throughout the day. had to uninstall.
Superb but video call is very poor problem And online show not the screen please update to online show right now
Perfect app but bring back the old logo
Hard to use
Notifications do not always show up. Other than that good app for group chatting.
As long as not owned by meta, it's alright... meta censor truths and propagate lies from the US-backed genocidal war criminals Zionist.
I was using the Google messenger then it malfinctioned so I looked for another app and found this one I find it to be a better app and I have editing features I love cause I misspell words a lot and I can edit the spelling without deleting the messages the Google app has no editing features and now I rarely use the Google messenger now I love this app
I switched to signal because it combines all messages in one app... and less than a year later they drop SMS. Thank you for nothing, uninstalling.
Help me when i click on forgot password it tells me that it sended mail to reset my password but i check my mail for 20 min but no mail comes and i am stuck on the log in page+i bought nitro basic like 1 week ago pls fix this or i will case because i wont fulfill my nitro basic for 1 month it will be loss of 1.89$ so pls fix my username is シ꧁𝓙𝓲𝓼𝓱𝓷𝓾꧂#4091
UI is completely broken on zfold 5. Update: no special steps to reproduce, just open the app!
Stopped working all of the sudden
I didn't do all stars because some times I can't here it or there will be alot of noise. But still it's easy to use
Greatyws
I have used it little but I love the security of the app and its features. I use it for secure information.
Calls cut in and out...video calls sometimes will not work. It seem very glitchy
It would not let me call some numbers
Since last update app is incredibly slow to load DMs, switching between server and DM is also very slow. Dont like the new layout either, discord had such a unique layout and by seperating server and DM it feels too much like any other messaging app. Its also less clear now whether a DM is unread or not. Really wish I hadnt put this app on auto update, wouldve rather stayed with the previous version/layout of discord
app doesn't work well on the chromebook
Telegram is way more intuitive, responsive and user friendly. Signal needs to follow their example
I need profile lock 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
I love it its ok
They illegally charged me when I cancel months ago. I don't know how after been canceled for 2 month and today they charged me I want my.money back
This app has never worked. It is full of glitches and errors and I have never successfully used it.
Why you have to use extremly slow, unresponsive, battery consuming, over-animated and noncustomizable UI? Use standard UI like other apps.
It's free so I can't complain too much, but the service is not always very good.
This app is awesome and the point is that that's the minutes run out fast
Very laggy and crash issues please fix the problems
Initial troubles but have smooth sailing since
can u stop the adds not trying to be mean
Installed it a few days ago, uninstalled it to make room for something, and now when I sign in it says I've been removed for violating TOS. I don't think I've even sent anything, and I know nobody sent anything to me. Good thing I wasn't attached to the app I guess.
It's great 😊
Countless bugs. Sometimes multiple messages are inside each other. Tapping the voice message button shows the "hold to record" message in the top left corner for some reason. Microphone button's visual bugs in VCs, being white (that shows its enabled) with the line over it (that shows its disabled) at the same time and vice versa. Today it decided to not load/send any images, videos and emojis. Reopening the app doesn't fix this. Thank you for all the lag spikes and bugs with the new update.
This app would be great if it ever worked. It crashes constantly no matter what I do, I can't even reply to messages. Ive tried reinstalling and the problem remains.
now" bc this app is bs
Too many spam message requests just recently which is so annoying that I will be deleting the app and using a different messaging app from now on. You currently have no spam filter on the app so this needs fixing!
New ui is bad, too much stuff I don't care for and not enough space for actual info with more things being hidden away. Swiping through that app used to be fast but now everything is a button
Calling services doesnt work and i think neither does texting
Awful updates, sells your data, greedy bastards, if there was something else to communicate with my friends I'd use it
When using only WIFI, I have to open the app in order to receive messages. This results in me replying to messages 2 hours late.
Sms support was THE feature. That's why I'm leaving, sadly.
This app does not work at all.😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😣
Useful when it works, but it started disconnecting my phone from WiFi. I have to disable WiFi, send my GroupMe messages, and re-enable WiFi. This only happens when sending messages, not receiving them.
It's okay, not bad, but sometimes it's "brousing".
Safe app
I would like to thank Skype for a good service has I have been using Skype for some time now.
The new update has made loading times 10x longer, it now takes several more taps to get from dms to severs, and swiping from the left in a DM to check what a notification is from now closes that DM so you cannot swipe back into it. The new update has completely destroyed the usability of the mobile app, and I am now only using the desktop app.
I have a Texas number but want a Louisiana number and it is suggesting just Texas area codes :-(
Notification settings go off and had to uninstall and then install again . This happened twice. Also cant save any photos i see on group me . A white box comes up instead of save . Reinstalled app and still does not work. App tells me it cant see sd card. I dont have an sd card , and i have 75% spare storage
I have reset my account password and even made a new account with a different email and still won't let me sign in.
Very clean and easy to use
does not let u use website on lenovo tablet to check messages, need to download app to do so. will keep redirecting to play store otherwise.
It's an amazing app! I love it !
Notifications are buggy (might be that my phone is older) other than that pretty amazing and great for groupchats between android/apple devices
This app is amazing its really easy to talk to people and most people are really friendly!I love using this app beacuse my senpai jahzuko i always love talking to him on discord!
please add ability to reply to specific messages. would be a much welcomed edition.
I love this app for being privacy-oriented. I am annoyed at how the camera flash doesn't work when I am filming though.
I was installed dis apps..all apps showing in online.bt dis apps shows me not connected internet.what da hell
Been working great for me. So far so good! No dropped calls, messaging has been great. This app has been great to me.. Thanx
Not receiving messages due to updates not being installed.
it usually works
I have used TEXT FREE For years, my last review was 2016 I have been forced to change numbers many times over the years, which didn't bother too much, for the fact once I had signed back in after an absence all my old texts, calls, & VOICEMAIL were all still right there! Please help me understand why this time it's different. My call/messages log is blank as if this was a brand new account. Is there a way to access that older data My mother is missing; gone And I pray to hear her voice again.
Horrible support if things don't work. They are efficient on taking payment. Getting Skype to work after not as easy. They write you to do this and, it doesn't fix the problem so I can make calls.
Plssssss fix the glitch of unable to register
No drama. Very reliable. Does not budge to tyranny.
Sound quality on my S21 superb though issue with galaxy buds disconnecting after 3s ..can't figure out why...
You can't get verification codes, number expires, ads galore. No. Just no.
This one is a real doorknob on either android or iPhone 4s , why?   My phone hardly ever delivers an incoming call. And its not syncing with my tablet at all, like i have two separate phones with same phone number, hard to keep track of things in two places..help i don't the other free phone apps, they all suck but Pinger has been a trooper, are you getting too big to care? I hope not,
Great current
Good quality video
as much as i like your app, but your voice message gets stuck every time I use it. Can you perhaps look into that??
works for me
I like it but if you don't use it in a while you will lose your number which sucks because it says I'm not using it very often and they might give it away and I use the app everyday
Allows me to obtain clearer photos and videos shared from my son's Apple phone to my android phone
It's cool. Pretty easy to use.
The Textnow application is most .and Best performance love you maker Textnow
It use to be great app for mobile easy to interact with. After latest update is horrible why on earth will you make it so difficult? Can't even see how's online on my server. Any away I'm not recommending this anymore the designers of this showld probably hate the app to make those changes otherwise I don't see any benefits of this.
I cant talk in voice chats i hear my friends but thay cant pls fix the probleme
The app was great when I first started using it, now it's the worst ever. It uses up a lot of memory and battery life.
I have the latest update for the app and all the permissions granted. This is more so a texting app than calling app. Texting works great.... receiving calls not good.... with wifi 5ft away with clear path for signal. UPDATE: I like the fast response from the support team. I just emailed them with my issue. I will update when my problem gets resolved.
I like Discord, but after the new interface or ui, it's just not right it feels like I'm paralyzed plz bring back the old ui. I could've given 5 stars, but this update? Sorry 😞😕 I suggest yall to bring back the quick panel of people online and make the reply instead of slid to double tap.😌
Signal is being used by hackers and scammers. Avoid until they can do the necessary adjustments to make their app safe for users.
person I called has the same issue.
Only problem is it doesn't switch to my Bluetooth headset unless I restart the app
could've talkers to em anyway.
Can't setup my phone number
I have to open up the app to receive the text.  All settings are set up.  Just recently started happening.
Boycott because I am Muslim I love our Prophet Muhammad (SALLALLAHOU ALAYHE WASALLAM)
It cut out a lot
Horrible, as expected. Bring back the old design.
Easy to use. No constant pressure to sign in using other social media. And so far, reasonably private.
Can't use anymore to receive sms login codes. I never had issues before the last few months, now it states W/O paying fee I can no longer get login texts from my other accounts like google ECT. I also have issues with my contacts within TextNow being unprogramed from the names and leaving just numbers... Very inconvenient and has resulted in loss of contacts.
I loved this app until I was no longer able to login using my email on my android s10+. I'm up to date with the software. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling. Still not working. I can log in from a laptop but that's not to helpful for what I use it for.
The app is very slow to load or send pictures and videos even with fast internet. Not a very good user interface.
Lost my account due to inactivity. Didn't have a backup as there was no reason for me to delete my account, but it was removed for me
Latest update (Jan 2024) is absolutely trash. You lag to switch servers, images won't load, dms won't load, voice chat won't won't allow push to talk anymore, messages in servers take forever to post. Even down detector is saying discord is having connection issues but not a peep from the devs about anything bad happening.
Signal is a great app is intuitive innovative it's the great app to meet people that you might meet on another app but you don't want to give out your personal information I love the little window that you can use that let you know you still talking to someone on the app but without it taking up your whole screen for instance you can use it while playing video games a great app in comparison to other apps
Keeps sayin whopps something went wrong
All of a sudden I'm not seeing the incoming texts. I see the notification, can pull down to read but if I open the app to read again and/or respond, it's not there. I've even had whole conversations disappear. Been like this for about a week I think.
times this app has failed to sync, (even when every other app does and it
VC audio quality on Android is awful. Sounds like listening to a telephone from the '80s. Also volume sliders to change people's volumes individually disappeared in a recent update. Basically voice calls are barely usable. Otherwise great app.
Ita pretty good and good quality
Honestly one of the worst communication apps I've ever owned. Only kept it because one of my friends only had a laptop so he couldn't get WhatsApp. For the fact that this app takes up so much space on my phone(32g of internal) and discord can't even me transfered to my sd card. It is unusable without nitro and it barely functions on my £600 gaming pc with the only people being able to see my webcam is my friends. Had to uninstall on my phone meaning I couldn't join any servers or chat with him.
Some times the calls are not acceptable
I couldn't even get the app to work it kept glitching and making me verify if I'm a human or not.
it didn't let me upload photos and it just stayed at the same spot I updated it and I also restarted my phone twice and I also cleared my cache and everything and it still didn't load my photos or when I get on a voice chat it doesn't load me and doesn't let me speak please fix this or something
This app is horrible it drops calls all the time.
Lovely
App has some quirks but I used to like it. However, recently, they keep insisting on reminding me about the functionality to join a campus school thread or something, I don't even know or care. I'm not in school and haven't been for years. No matter how many times I hit no thank you it keeps popping up. Worthless.
this app is so good I love this app vary much
Hate this new interface. Except for video calls everything is so bad and hard to use.
I started a group chat and I don't want it anymore how can I get the people in the chat from sending a message where everybody else can see it can I kick everybody from the group or what
Unable to join group please try again later
Calls often drop, voice quality is weak, and overall, this app has way too many ads. I do not recommend this app to anyone given the poor quality service it provides.
This app is terrible in every way. Today I was randomly logged out and as I have lost access to the email I used I can no longer log in. I will never use this app again.
I like the simplicity of the interface.
works for texting. doesnt work much for pictures or phone calls at all. even on multiplatform/device callas and picture messages never go through.
Why, since this app is suppose be free, is it not allowing me to make calls? Update: I figured it out. But I'm uninstalling it. It appears the desktop version doesn't sinc with the phone app. And I'm not happy that you have to give it access to your contacts. That's super private info entrusted to me by family and friends. Why am I not allowed to pick and choose? I only use Skype to video chat with one person. Very intrusive. I'll stick with the desktop version.
Very secure, great features, steady development
I had to switch credit cards after a default on payment and in spite of reinstating my account I can no longer make make phone calls. I've tried to reach out for help but I've been unsuccessful with getting any response.
Why is discord getting rid of the number tags at the end of names? It was a great system, I hate using apps that demand each user have a unique name because after a point it's simply not possible, I'm keeping my previous number tag in my name to keep it distinct. Please get rid of this, it was one of the things that made discord unique and easy to use.
my phone never ring and i never receive text messages i have to go on to the app to even know if i have a call or text message
Its an alright app
App keeps closing on its own. Please help, I really need this fixed as soon as possible.
It wont let me donload it it says there is an issue and im not able to fix it idk how to
I had to use it for school and I put my real age then it wouldn't let me use
Nice i like it easy to use i real enjoy it more than any video calls i ever use
I have skype on both my laptop and phone on laptop it works fine but in phone skype suckssssss.....messages dont go fast of i share some pics then it start lagging even more despite having a stable network connection it takes time to send even the smallest of texts on skype
Terrible after the new update. I can't navigate without the app bugging out. When I switch between the discord navigation UI, the bar goes down and is overlayed by my phone's navigation UI which means that I then can't switch between messages and servers because they can't Register when being under my phones navigation UI.
I like the fact i dont have to make a new account
answer incoming call. It's still better than the alternatives I have found
This is a great app but I am unable to save contacts under anything so I'm left with random numbers
New to the app and so far... I'm impressed but privacy and security matters. I hope I get it here.
Insanely bad app. Sometimes it disables possibility for using other app, cant even reach my contact list, keeps maximizing. Response slow even on good internet connection. This is just horrible to use 😔
To much ads
It's a easy way to communicate one message with many with only one note posted.
just download. give me a chance to use it and form my opinion. I'm sure I'm going to love it
I have to pay $10 for verification texts. Also, fails to mention it any where until you try to use it. Literally the only reason I would want it. Like I could understand $1. But $10 is stupid. Just get a different text app that doesn't require payment for TEXTING
Helped get in locked house
GeoupMe is one of the most awesome apps to stay connected. Traveling to places like, PR and HI most islander's use this app to stay in the know. Thanks GM ;)
For us is a good way to be in touch with the coaches, and parents , also to know schedule changes, important information for me and my wife it is wonderful, excellent, I have no words to describe it thank you Groupme .
A rather large number of new message notifications will not come through. For troubleshooting reasons, I've removed Skype from the "battery optimisation" list but didn't changed much. On iOS, I did not notice such an issue. UX could be a bit more responsive as well.
There is a problem and that is that textnow doesn't work for programs like Telegram and it doesn't give us the code. Please take care of why this happened. Thank you.
doesnt have end to end encryption.
It works. Edit: It would be nice if it would stop asking me to rate it. (-1 star)
Its takes more time to send messages. It's doesn't show the notifications immediately it takes long time to receive messages also
Just what we needed for team
I can invite someone and they will not get the invite
Data is already free.
Your application cool, but How, I've already entered my correct account, and that doesn't work why?
Sucks drops calls. Or I can hear them and they can't hear me. A d if you can't answer the cancel button will go away but still ringing non stop.
MMMMMMM much dc kitten oooooo, I love creepy dc mods and the 62yr olds who stalk gatch life servers slayy💅
Great app, but the new UI layout update is abysmal -- the old layout was similar to the computer client which made it easy to use, now it's more difficult to navigate a server and to see the list of members. Your average Discord mobile user likely has it on their computer as well, so no reason to change up the UI to compete with other mobile apps (or at least I'm guessing that's why they did this?) I have no idea why they felt like they needed to do this.
Waste of space app won't even load anymore
Nice but weird at the start a Lil confusing but I like it.
experience later in time.
Messaging done the right way. Fast and easy for everyone... and I think follows the do no evil principles. Many people are using it, I was surprised! Keep up the good work!!
Very easy app to use great service.
This new look Skype on pc, mobile is absolute garbage looking and needs to go back to what it was before .
I can't talk on the phone for more than three hrs why??? Pls fix
It is so good but the Only bad thing about this app is that you can't use it to sing up to social medias
It's a good way to connect with family and friends and loved ones, it is a great way to get in alcoholics anonymous!!!! It's just got a slow connections!!!
Open source supremacy! Use Signal and don't let big tech leech off your data.
I lost my phone and because of that can't access my Google Authenticator details. Discord doesn't permit me to log in again. So it means I will loose the account that I have had for a long time with much activities. There should be a way to recover one's account if this type of problem comes.
New icons and backend are fine, but changing the whole layout to whatever we have now was a big mistake, especially forcing it on the users.
Lots of ads. Have to pay $10 to get verification codes
since last update the app never closes on my phone or tablet I full close the app but it doesn't close just stays open eating up system memory till my device crashes all other apps closes if I swipe them closed but not discord
Private and convenient
The best 😊
Welcome to the underground
So far it is somewhat eazy to follow. I will let you know if it's 5 * worthy.
Texts work, calls don't
I use the app for something that requires a high volume of calls and texts and i will say that mostly it works great but there are times it wont even let me log in and get to my messages. I am satisfied overall honestly tho. It keeps up with my busy lifestyle. Thanks TextNow!!!
Best hang out place
Sucks how i cant use split screen with this app anymore while watching streams. Hope there's a fix to this coz id like to be able to multitask again.
Pretty good, some trouble with paymnet
it's cool...I don't pay and get to call people Soo...but nobody really calls me anymore...but I like it.
Thank you for answering and help me sign in discord,after I sign in I have a lot of friends and they so nice
Messages not going through many a times. Slow.
I thought this was a great app from the reviews and downloads. I even pay for premium hoping to make phone calls but what a disappointment I'm only able to text...why?? Please fix this!! In the meantime I'll keep looking at other apps.
can not log in just won't go past sign in and app kills my phones battery bad
The App is good 😊😊 😊😊😊
This was my preferred messaging app until they introduced stories! 5 stars to 4 stars. Why complicate a perfectly good app. 4 stars to 3 stars because they forced the update!
Good sight
This app used to work as a 2nd phone number. Now it doesn't. Not sure why they would sabotage, but corporations do dumb things.
New Ui sucks. It looks awful and bugs out so often. It's horrible accessibility wise. Overall, the mobile app sucks now.
Developing discord servers for mobile is ok, but the roles move around SOOOO much when I move ONE role. It's annoying, and it scatters the roles all over the place. Hopefully, this becomes fixed, but other than that, it really good app to connect with friends.
This app sucks can't use the dail pad. Was a waste of my time and battery. Highly recommend not to download!
My notifications won't pop up anymore. I.d.c checked my settings and everything logged in and out
Forced to use wifi
Good app
Dropping SMS option - leaving Signal! That easy.
You guys fixed the it was working great but now it's starting to do the same thing not ringing when some one calls me .....i hate to have change my number but can you please fix asap
The update messed it up
Latest update causes my connection to be disrupted constantly. Messages aren't going through and notifications aren't being received half the time.
said nothing about buying mins. this is a scam. want my money back now
This app is a total rip of The number it gives u changes every 30 seconds so this app is literally useless untill u pay for it
I can't send pictures to anyone
After the new update there are still a bunch of smaller bugs that kind of annoy the whole user experience, frequent crashes and I have to restart the app all the time, and now images uploaded ALWAYS get compressed when it doesn't on pc
The app just logged me out without any reason and has refused to give me a new number ever since
No need to fix what wasnt broken, especially by blindly slamming a hammer into it.
Costing me money four bucks for it that's a rip-off you can even call your friends Download this game it's just a really bad Genacross five bucks muffin was lagging so bad hopefully nobody else down just don't download it
Please give us a setting to change back to the old discord layout. I don't like this new one and feel claustrophobic
Great app screws up sometimes but not to often
Safe and secure for those that only use signal. Not happy with the changes made.
I've enjoyed and used this app for years, but was just notified that they are dropping SMS support. That makes this just one more in a basket of messaging apps. They are overestimating the adoption of encrypted messaging for its own sake. It was great when it could be used as the SMS default because I knew that if my message could be secured, it would be. Now I need to manage my own app as well as everyone I message. No thank you.
I'm still not getting any notifications and it's frustrating when I'm in a group and can't get notified when people communicate in the group with me.
Can't hear sometimes on their phone and sometimes mine but for free can't complain need more free minutes for watch ads but won't give me sometimes idk y .
I gave a four-star review because it's sometimes glitches. It also doesn't load very fast when you're on a call. The last thing is is that it takes a long time to send messages.
I dislike Skype because everytime I try to make a new account. It just takes me back to the home screen from when you open the app up, after I've set up everything
Terms of use suspension... I've had multiple accounts suspended for terms of use violation which I don't know exactly what that means however it's irritating when I use this as my business number I will never use another textile number again I've had four accounts canceled when I'm legitimately using these numbers for business
Notifications are inconsistent and yikes
But I can't see the dial screen when I'm calling someone the screens black and I can't end a phone call. Oh and also pinger should be available without needing wifi connections. It'll make it a lot easier, especially if I don't always have wifi access which I could end up being stranded somewhere and I wouldn't be able to make a call because I wouldn't have wifi ..that's a true experience btw ... just pitching an idea you guys should keep in mind
Best way to communicate I ever had
THE BEST messaging app avaliable. 4 stars because of the mobile update though
I needed to get this app so that I would have a discrete number to give out to whoever I chose. While this was great to use for that, it was also frustrating. When I would get phone calls, I wouldn't hear the ring and ended up missing calls. Unless you keep your data turned on, you will miss messages and calls often. The Wi-Fi signal  given off by the app  fluctuates a lot. I have Wi-Fi through my cable, but I found myself just giving out my other cell number from Verizon, just to stop the insanity LOL.
This app isn't allowing me to sign up or in using my Gmail account alone. It's asking me to use both Gmail and Facebook accounts. I no longer have the Facebook account associated with my Gmail. So this app is worthless I'd give no stars if that was an option
I can communicate and enjoy a smooth experience 😌
Purchased data wasn't able to use away from wifi ..
great forever, new ui sucks
So far I like it a lot... similar to all other chat platforms,easy to use and understand. Has the story feature which is very cool 😎 . Not enough people seem to know about it though.
A must have for all tech savvy and privacy conscious persons.
Lately group message updates have been unreliable. I'll open a group and see messages from days ago, and then I see the spinner indefinitely. This has happened even after I've seen latest messages during a previous session.
Notifications no longer work and you can't get help to get it working.
It work perfect and perform good for me 💪 I love it signal 🚦
Less ads please, I'm already using my own wifi.
It continuously crashes, sometimes I can't view pictures because it says "error" and whenever I try to stop sharing your screen it crashed and wouldn't reopen.
some thing is rong it was warking fan yester day it was use it it poliy becaus i miss a update well keep freezing like it just dos not liet me in the game
I like the mobile plan but I don't...the app seems more cramped in my opinion,I don't like how I gotta switch through messages and servers when I could've easily done that before with no issues,I like the mobile idea,I just wish there was like a way to swap back to the original app if people don't like the update.(I do kinda like the idea..but I don't at the same time.)
Never got service, and no support.
Don't bother downloading SCAM  I completed a task for 48 mins but only received 3 mins. Then I made a 17 sec call and had a 0 balance
They are removing SMS/ Text message support. That kinda kills it for me, since I'm now stuck using Google again. The fact that they tie accounts to phone numbers is a serious deanonymizing vector. Not actually secure when they have a personal identifier that specific. Too tightly coupled with your contact list.
quality of calls. Too many audio issues
Pictures don't come through or when I send they don't never receive. I live overseas so this was one the reason I got this app.. Please fix ASAP!!
Very helpful as privacy matter
Calling connection is very late msgs sometimes delives only when app is open
Never works properly. Get messages and they don't come through for couple of hours. So incredibly frustrating
I loved discord but recent update made it so a person cannot stay in private call by themselves to save bandwidth but please please make it an option to turn on / off auto disconnect as i liked staying in the call while waiting for people to get free so they could just join me without ringing.
Its ok not perfect because somtimes it does not work somtimed
Worked for a few days.. Now I can't make calls, can't send messages. Looking for support is not user friendly at all. Loosing my number.
Happens more than once! If I receive some message in phone Skype during lunch or away from office. The same message disappear in my laptop Skype
This app is pretty good. I don't have any pop up ads the only flaw would be a delayed call, it will tell you that you missed one but you don't get a notification when someone does call.
after latest release any type of calls don't work anymore ...
works good enough, but it can have issues at times
This app is good. But it does not show the last seen and online. please add this future also
New UI is terrible, buggy and hard to use overall.
I can't upload image and video to my friend and she either can't send me.
Tedious. Very user unfriendly. They can learn a few tricks from Messenger on how to attach more than one images or gifs in a single message. Horribly designed emojis. On the text box, give the option to the user to set emoji button instead of the sticker button. And yes, badly designed stickers too. All in all, signal is just not there to replace WhatsApp or Messenger. Sorry.
Please, if you could change the mobile user interface BACK TO NORMAL RN OR IM GONNA SOB!
Perpetually glitchy. There are long standing bugs that have been around for years. At this point we just use it because it still generally works, and switching over to another group chat app sounds annoying. Most glitches I encounter have to do with likes. If someone likes your message while you're looking at it, there's about a 50/50 chance of whether the display updates for you. If you tap on a message to see who liked it, sometimes you just aren't allowed to tap a second time to hide it. Etc
No longer a texting app. Dropping support for the most widely used type of text message may make it "more secure" but I'm not going to use multiple apps to text both my security-minded friends and the vast majority of other people in my contacts. I'm sure it'll be great for everyone's covert ops still, so have fun storming the castle.
Should be able to change phone number when needed
great game. I had alot of fun playing
Absolutely terrible for user interface. Extremely difficult to operate, and does not work fully. Sometimes video works, sometimes not. Trying to use this to chat with my grandma and I can't figure it out. 1 star. Terrible operating system.
Was my go to app for texting, but with the removal of SMS, I'm removing signal. It's not worth the trouble of having two apps for one thing, I'll just move everything elsewhere.
Am very very displeased with the new update where you can't type on screen while in video chat!! Used this feature all the time but now you must suffer seeing the call in a small circle while typing in other chat. Please bring back the On screen chat in voice call!! No other app does that!
it's not free to call
I can't connect in UAE
It is really nice app to be on so much more private
Apparently all of my button icons have disappeared and I don't know how to get them back.
its alright
They need to give you unlimited time
Calls alwaays drop and never get the call notifications until maybe 4 hours later if your lucky
Easy to set up but I wasn't able to receive messages. They would pop up at the top of my phone but once I went to the app itself they weren't there.
ive stopped getting chat notifications for two of my personal servers. ive tried everything- uninstalling and reinstalling, updating, turning notifs off and on again, logging out then back in- nothing. ive already submitted a bug ticket and didnt get much back on it, issue still hasnt been fixed.
Spam messages only. Rarely used it but developers seem unable to block spam messages. Was happy to keep it installed in the background for next time it's needed but too many instances of spam to keep it installed.
Nice and pleasant
Dec 2023 edit - while I enjoy the pure black theme, the newest update to discord basically is the opposite of my previous review below. The app no longer works great, and sometimes it doesn't work at all! The changes are unintuitive, and I often find myself accidentally replying to people or struggling to get to where I need to go. I hope fixes come quickly. (2022 5-stars)The app works great! Intuitive and reliable for my uses.
This would be great if it worked properly, many times it seems like it asleep. Then a bunch of messages come through, also sound stops working if phone is on to many hours. I have to reboot the phone for sound to work again .
Longer videos possible cuz, and it's encrypted. What a world.
It constantly reconnect network
Fake free call app only heard their first 2 seconds every call then silence as if you muted eachother
The amount of one star ratings in the past 24 hours should tell you that you need to revert this UI update. Why haven't you done so yet? Links don't open in apps anymore, only browser, swiping left to look at member listings or look at pins doesn't work, and the amount of times I have to look at messages to clear them is ridiculous when I open the message from the notification itself. Listen to your user base. You're making bad business choices by not doing that.
Yeah, I like using textfree but it just keeps loading even when wi-fi is full connection. Also, when I send picture the other person can't see it. Fix please.
I use it for my team and it makes all the difference!
This app is ok I'm 14 and don't really call on phone number much but iv been using it for years and the only problem is is that u can't get variation codes with out paying witch is dumb
It will not let me open it anymore when I click on it to open it it takes me back home.I love this app I use it daily please fix it.thanks
Kinda laggs, but other than that it works pretty good
I am using since 2020 and it was fine but the new updates are the worst!! The app doesn't loads the messages in the mobile app and sometimes messages struggle to get send!! Pls fix this!!
Bad poor unwork app application boycott
It's ok...
It's... Aye Ight 🤷‍♀️ . ion like the add's tho . alsoo , could be updated a lil more
This app hasn't given me trouble until the most recent update. I seem to be missing a fair amount of icons, such as the upload media button, the notification that tells me if my friends are online, or even the icon to pull up side menus (They still function). It kind of keeps getting worse, everytime I log on something else is missing.
Much slower after latest update
Just constant bugs. Can't see posts, interface freezes. I don't usually write reviews but this has been ongoing for months now
Great App for communicating!
Newest update is horrible, laggy chat, forcing all bots to use the same prefix. This update makes discord feel like an alpha version of the previous update. Please revert or fix the bugs, watching chat gives me a headache. Terrible changes. (Update:Still very slow and laggy compared to how it used to be.) (Update:Still horrible, very sad this is how it is gonna stay) How in the world an app can go from basically perfect to completely unusable is amazing.
Texting is sometimes easier for communication than a phone call.
Always Great To Connect With My MCC Family
have 1 mnth subscription.
I love it . And 2005 had this before and I forgot the name the app it is a good app everybody
Hard time understanding how to set it up and it wants alot of your personal buisness
Told me I broke their terms just for picking a different area code. Between this and 2nd lines mess ups they have gone to -0
Grest fo keeping informed about events and happenings. Would like to see an way to actually leave a group though.
trash, wouldn't even let me sign up
I am not getting the notifications. it was working fine then all of a sudden it stopped. I will try updating to see if that's a fix but this has happened on previous versions before.
Once you've posted something it's obviously on the devices you shared to, but they won't let you delete it from their servers
Nice to be able to keep up with everyone in one place.
updatrd my phone ... app just disappeard from my screen. causing mevto uninstall to reinstall. inconvenience and aggravated.
If I switch to a new phone (or if my phone is wiped) can I retrieve my phone number I got from the app, and will all my communications via the app be retrieved and transferred to the new phone?
don't like compulsory updates
The app wouldn't let me make a call untill I agreed to purchance a plan for 99 cents,what's " free" about that,I uninstalled
It won't push notifications until you open the app. Pretty useless when you're trying to use it for work and need the notifications for time sensitive issues. I don't want to have to get on my phone and open the app every 5 minutes.
Constant bugs
Buggy as heck. Always crashing. And aperntly you can get hacked for replying to a msg request. #pridefall
Signal is the best chatting app so far, I will proclaim it to everyone....
1 star until the old layout comes back. Nitro cancelled. I'll be looking for a new app.
works as advertised. just got to deal with the ads
Thanks for making our Data Secured, God Bless You and Help You Sir we Respect your Efforts👍❤️
Receive incoming calls!!! :(  Fix it.!!  Also.. Fix the connection.
I like the app and how it gives updates, it's a wonderful way to talk to my friends but it is a tad bit buggy
It's useful
I am unable to complete the registratiin. I keep getting an error message!
I am anonymous and this app keeps getting a lot of spam on it. You guys be careful 😉😉
I couldn't get a 2 acont because my gmail was used already but I uninstalled it a long time ago and I cant get to it. Wicth means I cant use discord forever.
Can't open or see app on phone
It really works slow on a mobile and a lot of mute unmute problems.
Can't open crosswords
Horrible
Thank you for the help on fixing the problem
I use this as primary communication to friends overseas because I hate Facebook, but for the last 6 months Skype will not send notifications randomly. I don't have power saving mode on and Skype isn't set to conserve power so I'm not sure why I won't get notifications.
Hi, I have this weird bug, whenever I try to send a photo the app hangs and immediately closes and reopens again, I hope you can fix the problem soon
USED TO BE A FIVE STAR APP UNTIL DA UPDATE DAT CHANGED DA UI TO THAT OF THE VOICE CALL VERSION, NOW I DON'T RECEIVE TEXT NOTIFICATIONS AND IT DELETED MY OLD MESSAGES!!! U GUYS SAID U FIXED THE NOTIFICATIONS BUT I'M STILL NOT RECEIVING THEM... PLEASE REALLY FIX THIS BECAUSE IT'S ONE OF MY FAVE APPS!!!
It's great, but hearing the notification sound all the time kinda sucks. LOL
It was good privately message
I can't use it recently, what's the matter?
Just like many other people, I will be deleting the app since sms is being discontinued for non-sigmal contacts. Signal, you're going to regret this decision of yours. Many of my contacts will not use Signal just because I ask them to, and I don't blame them.
I'm not inviting everyone in my phone to use this app, looks like I'll be switching to a new messaging app.
Cool ,but need to support sending files.it is a bad thing.
No notification of new texts. It drains my battery big time as it's always running in the background. Also, phone gets hot from this app. Droid X
Please allow connection to bluetooth hearing aids on voice calls. Everything else on my phone will connect to my hearing aids, except this app. It works in a browser, but when i try to open the browser version of voice chat, it pulls open the app. Other than that the app works decently, and i love the platform as a whole, just that the app needs work.
great app..but if u need messages delivered on time ...not gna happen w this one ..other than tht great
Where is the option to not show my number to anyone? The option not to receive calls or only allow calls from contacts? There is no logout option, only delete account. Telegram is way lighter, smaller and better than this app!
Good app in the appe
I'd like to change the theme
The new ui is not toggleable anymore and is honestly terrible. Not a good move discord, not a good move.. Update: It also uses a lot more internet/data now. It used to be fine for me to be on it while not at home but now it takes 100mb in about 10 minutes. Ridiculous. Update2: notifications have stopped working all together from the app for me and a few friends.
Calling used to work when I first got it, now for the past 4+ months, I just get "missed call" notifs when people try to call me, and the dial pad says I have no signal and gives me the "Sorry! There's a network issue!" error. Reinstalling doesn't fix it. Sometimes messages don't go through or I get them late.
it is great. our ministry is it all the time.
's a good app.
this app would be good if almost EVERY THING WASN'T LIMITED TO A PHONE!!! For example, the gifs only work for the phone. other than that good.
Why does it not let me call. Says cannot reach network but i can text and my wifi is connected. I uninstall twice and reinstall did not work. Please fix this.
can't hear anything
Good app easy to use
There is nothing wrong with is it's fine
I like it. I can text with my friends. But i cant make calls?
Horrible U.I and complete disregard for the community. I don't understand how a company can be so good at shooting themselves in the foot.
It's a great way to text free but it keeps closing out and stops working.
I had my phone number locked in from purchasing a SIM Card but now after 4 weeks my number is no longer locked in and I dont know why.
Amazing app. Love the magnitude of options available 😀
Buggy app didnt allow me to login again , and the support service is also too difficult to solve our problems
It alright
Works very good with almost no effort
Likely the most private/secure messaging app, with recent features additions that rival those of other apps.
Would like to see it on this app. Last seen when a friend was on the app last time online.
I have had Skype for many years but it just asked my age, could I be too
Free 60 minutes of call time
Disgusting. I've been getting spam calls every hour ever since I made a new account. I've had this app on and off for years, and 1 day of endless spam calls has completely turned me off this app. If I could give 0 stars, I would.
Good app, losing SMS features. I used signal as my main SMS app for several years now and now that it will no longer support this function I am reconsidering the utility of this app. It's good, but without this option I have difficulty recommending it as an easy swap for my friends and family as to a non-privacy focussed person it's just another messenger app that they need to install. Was 5/5 now 3/5.
It's awesome.
I literally see Skype logo above and below images I send and receive on Skype. The hell is wrong with this app?
Hi Discord , my Discord profile looks so different. I mean It looks like an old version. I thought I should update it, but no, and I don't know what the problem is.
I have used Signal for years now and have been very happy with it. Until now. Signal is shooting themselves in the foot by withdrawing the ability to send SMS texts to non-Signal users.
It is more useful to me tq so much
I haven't seen a single person who likes the new layout update and the fact that the discord twitter page is basically telling people to just get used to it is insane. I don't see the motivation for making a layout that the majority of your users hate. Isn't the goal to have people *want* to use the app? If it's not broken, why bother trying to fix it? To be honest, I wouldn't even care half as much if it weren't for the complete disregard of user feedback.
Will they add mms
The voice quality is not as clear or audible as FaceBook Messenger
Hey help mine want work at all. Can't log in. Want send me reset pw to my email.
It straight up just won't let me connect on Xbox, please fix your app
No in app search feature kills anything positive about this app. There are other ways to group message more efficiently.
No number provided, useless people and useless app. I tried many times but it doesn't allow me choose a number from the given list
Nice but cannot export messages in an non encrypted form for backup
Ever since the last update I am unable to send or receive messages
Is not unlimted
A bit buggy at times, but it does the job
That new update is horrible, we need old discord back
Works for our group to keep up to date. Edit: been using it for 2 years, still happy with it. use it for multiple groups.
They removed SMS and now your need to have two messaging apps to communicate with normal people. Good job destroying your company.
It doesn't let me get pictures or phone calls at all it drop them or I never get the picture text or normal text message
Now my pics don't load in my chat conversation. You have to go to the pic archive to see
I dont like this new update its confusing and the old version was better and more easy to use than this new update
I'm unable to create an account, everytime it gets to finish up registration in 15 minutes, it says I have exceeded number of account that I am supposed to create. This sucks,I'm unable to create it.
The new update made it really really really slow
This app is buggy. I am in 3 groups. While I was driving (both hands on the wheel) this app added a member of one of my groups to another group. I hadn't touched my phone. I don't even know how to add people to groups.
Love it love it keep up the good work...
It's good. True E2EE, even in group chats. Dark mode. Video and voice calls. They're still working on making it as feature rich as Telegram, but doing that while keeping it completely secure is hard, and extremely expensive. Give it time. EDIT: It's been years and I still can't send an image file without compression. -1 star. EDIT2: SMS support is disappearing. Massive step backwards. THE way I discover people use Signal is that I go to send an SMS, and it tells me thay have Signal. Not anymore.
Best app for me Vell & secure 🔐 what's AAP se to bohat he accha aap hai
Im not so enjoy bcoz when i open my skype.. i can open but after 5seconds
i hate the new way to reorder channels, categories, etc, it was better the old way, now theres a green bar way under where you want to place the actual channel, its needlessly complicated, change it back to what it was before
TextNow opened and took over my screen EVERY 2-3 minutes, interupting me when I'm watching movies and youtube, or playing games, just to forcefully remind me that it needed an update. It shouldnt be able to minimize a video Im in the middle of watching and take over my screen. Ive always loved your app but this is very frustrating. I wouldve updated anyways eventually, but now Im left with a sour taste in my mouth towards the app for taking control of my phonem
Very nice experience but please improve your sound
Stopped working after 8hours
Too slow! Drops Calls! Sound Quality is worst than POOR! Had to reinstall bc Dial Pad often FREEZES UP....u cant dial out!!!
privacy and userfriendly.
It's a mystery how this app got such a high rating. It worked well upon the first installation. I mean, it's a messenger, I can send and receive messages. Yeah, applause. When I had to switch to a different device though it made me jump a series of hoops, with the final blocker being a request for a PIN that I allegedly set up at the first installation, which I never did, effectively preventing me from ever using the app again. So it's a one-time-only app, rewarded with just as many stars.
SMS has been removed, which was the only way I was able to convince friends and family to use it. Now it is gone they have uninstalled and I might as well too. No point in just talking to myself.
I've used discord (mobile and desktop) for 4 years now. Lately I've used mobile since 2021 on my android phone. It is awful. I've experienced so many issues the list would takes pages of space to write. But worst of all, the new UI is *extremely* unintuitive and awful. So many of the changes are completely unnecessary, make the app confusing and irritating to navigate, and cause more issues, like discord refusing to show messages or servers randomly. Until it changes back, discord isnt worth it
Top for years now
Dear team u are requested to place online option here please...rest of the features are reliable just try to add this one😊
good and reliably
"Exported" my messages but NONE of the recent messages are there!?!?! Why would you take SMS away? This has to be the single, dumbest move I've seen a company make. I get the security implications but you're ostracizing a huge portion of your user base. Now I have to find something else because I don't have unlimited data.
Whan my regular phone doesn't work " text now come in to play
Because it has the person that climb to be somebody else
Used to be a big fan of the app. New update sucks
Bad experience call kept cutting in and out app quit working I wouldn't even give the app a half a star
Great for calls and messaging.
The app works well enough but recently none of my messages are getting sent out. This is especially troubling because I use it to communicate with my work colleagues.
How can I leave a group without notifying everyone?? Also; there should be a setting where I have to confirm I want to join a group if someone enters my number. I also HATE how I get spammed with text notifications along with the group me notifications. I end up blocking each number.
This has allowed me to make so many new friends it is crazy. The one thing I have to say, is it would be nice to have a way to change video settings on a mobile platform ( background blur/images and quality)
Oh yeah pretty cool
Somtimes the calls are great quality, sometimes not so much. But it's an amazing app I couldn't live without!
Buggy. Can't contact a human being in customer support. No txt msgs sent to me are received. Use the "Text Free" app which works perfectly straight away!
I don't get notifications when someone is texting me or calling me.
Good app...
it comes in hand
I love Discord and I would use it as an exclusive form of online communication if I could. However the new mobile UI is so terrible I was forced to roll it back to the old version. Unless you are prepared to do this, do not use the mobile app.
I've been having some serious issues with this app. Sometimes my calls won't connect even though I have a WIFI signal and other times when I do get a connection it keeps breaking up. Is there something that can be done?
A more accurate name would be "Text Free (by watching an ad for a minute of talk time or single text message)." Not even the slightest exaggeration either. Phone numbers are lost after 30 days of inactivity. Don't get this app unless you want to buy credits or get a premium subscription. Absolutely can't recommend this app when so many free alternatives exist that don't bombard you with advertising everytime you do anything. Even the creators of this app must wonder why anyone would choose it.
Simple and secure also has a beautiful space
Mobile redesign is trash and changed the ui I been using for years
I enjoy this app to a certain extent. My only issue is that the app makes my phone lag, go slow, and glitch.
Every time I try to call someone it says calling and it never goes through. Even when I have perfect WiFi connection
The update is decent but I am facing an issue:- Whenever I upload some video or Image accidentally or which was not meant to be sent; I am unable to cancel the upload... I keep on tapping on the ✖️ but it doesn't works. Please fix this issue 🙏
When I'm in a conversation with a friend it lags in receiving a response and unless you check the thread u may never know if ur friend responded 20 minutes ago plz fix bug otherwise awesome app
Very easy to use, I have had no problems at all!
Always start on invite page
Action Menu SUCKS. Get rid of it. Used to be great, now not so good. I regret updating. Every update is bloated with useless, child-like features. Once was clean and lean. Now it's becoming like every other messaging app, tarnishing it's reputation for security. Remove the nonsense and I'll become a sustainer for life. Or better yet, give us the option to purchase a clean version.
Works good for keeping everyone informed and sending reminders for group sports! Effective method of communication and can add and remove members with ease!
id give it 5 but it logged me out once and that caused me dome serious issues. but yea great app for privacy
The only improvement I could suggest is a better way to keep conversations cause I phone got broken and I got a new one and lost all messages from that phone.
I like this app but at the same time its boring
You can not delete messages and when you remove members it displays the removal to everybody...
Super editing app 🤠👍
The only issue I have is that when I'm in a group chat, my last name does not match the las name on my profile. Also I've been told that no one can see my picture on the chat. I think on my picture it says that I'm a former user.
Can't tell if messages are ever being read and it quite often takes as long as 20 minutes for a message to go through
I'm not a Skype kind of guy
great be
Any Skype credit disappears after 180 days without use. How is this legal??
Great update y'all, exactly what everyone wanted. A FB messenger clone. Discord was easy to use, and intuitive because it mirrored the desktop app. This sucks.
it great
Previous version was far better than the latest version. Now if you want to signup multiple times in a short period of time then you cannot signup.
Giving me a error message everytimr i try to make a call
very bad UX for a starter user setting up on phone with no previous knowledge of Discord but seriously why don't you have a username search? that's kinda BS tags and all nah that's still "unique" name you disabled search indexing for with no reasons "sure unique" blah blah.. I call cap.
It was working but then the only time i was able to see my messages only when app was open.
Typing could be better
its ok. I wish it didn't download on others pc's though.
Very good and safe app!
Just tried to send a text message on October 27 but got an error message saying "your Textfree number hasn't been used for 30 days. THAT IS SO UNTRUE!!! I last sent a text message on October 3rd. That's only 24 days. If you're going to misrepresent facts, then I don't need your app.
Would  be a lot  better if ppl could see the pics I send
When i get a phone call I get a drop calls other than that everything is okay.
Such a bad Ui direction to take
Seems good but unpopular in India.
A little less clarity but dependable
so many times I want to open the application, it hangs and takes time to come up, some times it request that I close and open again for twice or more before it's stable while sometime I receive notifications but would not find the messages on the app
No wonder why people are not ysing skype anymore, utterly useless application. You don't even get a receipt when buying their products and no customer service whatsoever.
Bluetooth earbuds don't work woth the app.
I loved using this app but ever since my old phone broke I can't use my old account because of 2 step verification. And on my new account I can use my phone number because it registered with the old one. Discord holds no options to delete old accounts or register multiple accounts with the same phone number regardless of 2 step like Meta software.
S22 the app doesn't work good with Wi-Fi, but has no problem with mobile data network. I don't get messages via wifi or i get them very late. The same problem refers to sending messages.
It connects me to my mother and other family members and is saving me money.
Changed mobile UI but removed functionality like searching through the entire server and only limiting it to a channel. In addition they didn't add the account switcher.
the kicking out of call is stupid
Texting works great in this app. Calls not so much. Very hard to make outgoing calls and occasionally there is a delay in what you say into the phone until the time the other person in the line hears it. My only issue is voicemail really. I used to to be able to play them but now I get voicemail is no longer available or a partial voicemail.
The dark theme is too dark, i hope it'll be such like google play darkness
Seems to freeze up alot lately for some reason. Used to be my favorite radio app.
Says that my data was shared my password an username don't use these text now apps if want stolen information 🤷🏾‍♀️
It seem that when I do not need and shut the app I am still under surveillance by Skype/Microsoft. Because when activating Skype again I am NOT asked for my password.
Doesn't want to send pictures sometimes, doubles sends them other times, glitchy, slow, not very many administrator options at all for group owners either.
STOP OVER VERIFYING STUFF! I can't log back Into my account because I never saves my password and email. So I have to remake my account
Still learning. So far, so good. But I can't figure out how to make it run on a raspberry pi. It downloaded ok, but when I go to my android phone to link it, it's not in the list of devices.
App worked fine for hands free in my car for drives home but now it just perpetually tried to connect me to the server, making the joining noise each time but never actually letting me in.
This app is heavily used for scams I fell I know first hand so be careful
Great app calls are exceptionally good and I'm able to contact almost everybody in my contacts except those in other countries
Had to stop using, shame that they got rid of sms support, but main issue is it drains battery life after recent update.
Best all around Android messenger until the recent news that they're dropping SMS support. Shame to see a once good app ruined by the devs.
Best app recommended
It is what it is... a place to chat with a group of people
It was good, but now they say it needs Updated, of which I have tryed, it comes back each time stating can not update at this time. Please advice me of how to get the New Version of Signal, do to I talk with a close to my heart person, yet its not allowing me access. Thank you
Nice app..Thank you🙂
Good app its just i have connection problems just like the other reviews but its only when i use my mobile data since it works fine when im on my home network but its annoying since i cant view or send messages while im outside
only allowed 50 ppl per group.invite went out without giving a question first if I wanted to send invite now. Each invite person could see the names of all other ppl I invited.Ppl started to reply and everyone received it.They don't know each other and it was very annoying. Most ppl were unable to quickly decline/remove themselves from the list. I only wanted to Txt multiple ppl at once not form a group text. I hate group texts.
In this app we can get best experience in video call. Video call clarity is excellent. Chatting settings is also ok.
***HOW COME SIGNAL NEVER RESPONDS TO USER REVIEWS? Signal has improved, but I still don't trust it as my default message app. Message delivery in both directions was extremely unreliable as the default app. If the individual(s) on both sides of the discussion are Signal users, it's generally flawless .
Nice very usefull
I have been a user of discord for 2 yrs now and it rlly worked well in the beginning but then slowly it started to became trash. I try to log in from another device for example my laptop but it says "new log on location detected, plz check email." I dont have access to my email acc so how am i supposed to log in and what if i have an important thing to do in discord but i cant do it becuz of the log in problem.
Lately it hangsup on biometric login and there are many messages undelivered. Regards
Great phone company, lock in number!
Too many ads it does what it says but the ads pop up very destructive but easy to use
It's already hard enough to make people close to me to use signal since they're already very used to WhatsApp, now that the SMS support which one main reason i could provide them to use signal gone, idk anymore. Bye signal ig
No problems and that's a good thing.
it's a secondary line
Why it says I have a problem with my name? I dont understand it. What kind of characters are allowed? Nothing is clear. I dont even understand why prestigious organizations are using this app😡😡😡
Get rid of the upgrade ad after upgrading. It's annoying. Otherwise great.
Great app! Love that I can create groups for easy comms.
It was a good app I loved using it but lately I can't make a call I lose the connection it also doesn't ring when someone calls me. I looked and my app is updated so idk what the issue is.
It's been great for texting. But unfortunately the voice is terrible. Cuts out, garbled from the one you're speaking too. And I have 5G. All my bars. So I have a good connection. And a brand new Samsung Android 22 Ultra. So there shouldn't be any audio issues. So if you have something to resolve this issue. I'd love to hear it. Ty
Text free isn't so "free". You buy minutes & you can barely hear the person talking!
No SMS
Its ok for texting. But kinda not good with calls
Now I have a phone for my tablet
Im going to north Carolina so i said bye to my school friend gave them my number and left school has been over for 3 hours no response do you think they are scam numbers or something PLEASE fix it i don't know how but they are amazing and I want to be able to stay in touch with them
Please add chat lock option
My expense is quite good so far very secure app
It's good but if using iPhone and the other phone is android the connection isn't working very well you can't video chat to see each other or take pictures
Get notification for new texts but can only read them from notification bar then they disappear. No incoming messages show in the app
This is junk. Don't waste your time.
It's functional. And exceeded my expectations.
App has barely worked in the last few months. What's the point if I don't get any notifications? It's beyond inconvenient.
I find it confusing to use. Not as intuitive as other apps. The sound quality is very good.
Sorry, Signal: dropping SMS support is not going to make the world use secure messaging - instead they'll switch away from Signal and back to SMS. I can't remember who does and doesn't have Signal, so by removing SMS support I'll end up only using SMS (or a rival that lets me use both from within the same app). I didn't have a problem distinguishing secure and non-secure messages; I had a problem getting all my contacts onto Signal - that'll be even harder now. Disappointing doesn't cover it.
Calls have been horrible for mobile users now. The "no internet connection, I have given discord so many chances but this is something I can't ignore. It's annoying and needs to be fixed
One star. Because for the alleged privacy messaging app, you sure do enjoy tracking everything about me. But silly Signal, I also use duck duck go app tracking protection and its crazy to see all the info you are trying to grab about me. Bad move signal.
I WASN'T TRIPPIN ABOUT THE UI TIL I SAW YOU CANT CHMAGE THE COLOR OF YOUR BANNER UNLESS YOU HAVE NITRO?! WHAT THE HELL?!
useless password checking
too many ads. also lags often. media messaging isnt the easiest on the app
This app has serious bugs. It sincronyzed my contacts without my permission, it does not allow me to mute some notifications and the new ID idea instead of an username honestly sucks.
Good for group discussions. Only thing is deleted tests, do not delete. Everyone can still read them.
It's
With the removal of SMS support, you can't use Signal as your only messaging app anymore. Now you have to get another app and, frankly, there's no reason to keep this one. YOU try convincing your friends to switch to Signal AND convince all THEIR friends to do it too! Idiotic move.
Ny removing the sms support you have really removed the primary benefit of using signal over any other secure messaging app. I've solved it for now by simply not allowing the app to update, but that's just a temporary solution and when it no longer works signal is out.
Skype is a pretty good app you can video call and all but it takes way to long to reach the person you are calling so if you do download this app just be aware that that happens.
when I'm on another call, this app interrupts
It's sometimes a terrible app
Greatapp Love it
does what is necessary. texting is free, as others have stated the ads are so cumbersome and large now, you're almost forced to view the ads of you want real-estate back. lately I've noticed this app takes a massive amount of energy from your device, possibly from the ads? active time 2m background 2 1/2 hrs... 26% battery usage. it's the #1 drain on the battery for my device by a landslide. scared I'd miss text if I put the ap asleep after I've text someone..
Everything works well for what we need it for.
Wasn't clear how to delete unwanted chats. I wish we could go back and edit our comments in case of a typo or something we want to change. Would like more options than just the heart to choose from.
It does it job works when I need it to
Question, why has Discord gotten rid of the emojis for servers? Like putting emojis in your channels name, or categories name for the phone's keyboard. I have a Samsung and it's not there anymore, I always have to switch to iPad to put the emoji. Could you bring it back, because ever since the new update came out it's disappeared. 🙁
Loding problem fix please
Login problems seems if the same account is opened in another device. This is so worng :")
Everytime my guy friend calls me he ca nt hear me....I have paid for minutes and I really need you to fix this please....thanks
Not working. Cannot login. Keeps circling a`d nothing happens
Nice app I liked it
Sick of ads
This *was* a 5 star app. But they're dropping SMS support, which is a huge mistake. They pretend the reasons for doing so are user-centric, but in doing so, they alienate their users by treating them like idiots. It's all cover for what, at the end of the day, is a question of developer resources and effort. SMS support was one of Signal's key differentiators and a vital onramp. If I just want secure messaging without SMS, I'll just use Wickr. Say goodbye to your hard-earned users, Signal.
the new update sucks
The app freezes my phone every time I try to use it. Complete waste of space on my phone but is the only actual FREE app I've seen. Well no wonder it's free because it's complete bs to use.
This does not work that is why I will be deleting it
Quality
It was nicer when the amoled setting actually made it black and not just the dark theme. Also, it's stupid to put the darker themes behind a pay wall. Like sure, text and image and chat and call function all work, but it's not like it's better than its competitors.
Sure do like it but connection be slow
"Pop ups" like user profiles or the colour picker don't open, when clicked on they get stuck and only pop up when clicking somewhere else on the screen, which also triggers them to close immediately.
Not intuitive on making default text utility.
till now good
how do i talk to a representive of text now
its a good app to have but call quality isnt the best in the world i routinley have calls made that the other person i am calling can not hear me although i can hear them fine i have trouble shoot all possible solutions and its still doing it
App is fire?? kinda but i hate the new layout on mobile so so much please can yall go back
This app is a good at because with the internet we can actually make phone calls and we don't have to pay for it it's actually free and a phone line is a lifeline so therefore TextNow app you have my support
App is great. But include features like creating polls , requesting updates kind of things for groups.
First screen up is stuck
Fabulous app and a wonderful alternative to WhatsApp and their (intrusive) business model.
I have credit in my account and its one of the most difficult things to find out how to reactivate it. Bs
New update is horrendous. It's gross and cartoony, and nothing I use regularly is in the same place. This makes the app not just inaccessible but hostile for neurodivergent users, of which there are MANY. I don't want to swipe to reply, I want to see who's online. My DMs already moved and lost a lot of navigability but now it's somehow even worse. Reacts are now huge buttons, and the threads button is intrusive for something we don't use much.
Im very dissapointed in the new update. While trying to make it flow better, the app has turned into an inconvenience. Not only are there problems with streaming, there are also other glitches and unnecessary additions (why swipe to reply when swipe has always used to look at the members list?)
It is a good app
Best for calls
Too bad they decided to discontinue this company heading headfirst into oblivion, it used to work very well.
There is a significant amount of spam / spyware messages that reach you through the app. You have no way of reporting the messages or the sender and the dangerous links they send. It's not much different from Whatsapp at this point.
Excellent for a second number, easy to use.
It's been better than the last time
Pretty decent app, wish it were easier to delete old chats, but still a 4 🌟
Since the last update it started to go way slower. The UI looks good but the UX got really bad. It's not worth the change. Edit: the more I use it the less I like the new update. It's so clunky...
Won't show all groups or messages
This app is really good and secure I have to download and use ✨🙂☺️
December 2023 update: while the platform has been mostly decent, the new UI on mobile is actual trash. Discord devs are fixing problems that never existed. August 2022 update: gifs are broken and do not auto play anymore. What is nitro paying you guys for? New ui as of 4-2-20 is ATROCIOUS. Swipe left to see sidebar now moves the chat to the right instead of the sidebar over the chat? Come on! Tired of paying nitro a year at a time and seeing these garbage choices implemented
Great way to keep up with the group. Wish I could turn off notifications though.
Overall a good app. Only part I dont like is being able to remove a post that was posted by Mistake
I cannot post pictures anymore, I tried re-installing and the problem still persists
Great and discreet
Skype is boring and hangouts is better, because there are farting cats. Although it's still a good app.
Text free, but it charges you 🤣🤣
Amazing app if they weren't removing sms support. Obviously sms is less secure but if I want to message my grandmother I'm not going to have her install and be confused by this app. Honestly removing sms will make things less secure since it will be easier to just use another non secure sms app instead of Signal. Out of my 100 or so contacts only 3 have signal... it's not worth it and I will convince them to get off Signal as well.
Sometimes freezes.
All five of my accounts have been disabled for no reason
This is a great way for groups and organizations to share information.
They won't let me log back in
Doesn't let you cancel your subscriptions you can call but the layout is confusing and annoying adding friends is difficult the audio is bad and it's overall laggy I hate this app
The app is great, the only thing is that when I tried to verify my phone number, I couldn't see the verification code. I didn't receive it and I've been looking everywhere for a solution but I still cant. Please fix this if you could.
You can't call out without using minutes even if your connected to wifi. And ever single call you make you can never hear anything... They can't hear you or you can't hear them. I don't like it but have to have it until I get money for my phone card
Has a lot of features but has awful UI
The new color schemes after the update are super high contrast and hard to look at. What use is a messaging app that I can't look at due to eye strain? What's more, the "new messages" function bugs out almost every time and doesn't jump to my last place in the conversation. Which is obviously no good when keeping up with the conversation is the whole purpose of this app...
Simple, easy to use
can you download this app on a hp laptop?
Boycott WhatsApp
Really great for Talking in the game.
Great app for big or small friend groups! Super easy to set up and navigate.
I like it, and I hope it is very private.
I'm trying to download it on my phone because it didn't work on my pc...it's not letting me find new contacts nor letting me even text or call people, I even got the new update to see if it worked and it sadly didn't.
This app was working great, but then all of a sudden I haven't been getting notifications at all, not even when someone mentions me directly in a message.
Great way to stay in the loop among friends in fantasy sports leagues or group class assignments
It would be better if it has screen sharing feature
Ive only had one problem after a couple weeks it stops working I have to uninstall it and reinstall it other than that it's all good
since the last update my phone is using only the top speaker and can't seem to figure out how to change that
This app is point.
Everyone I get a number it won't register
The mobile app works well, the only problem is that you can't join public servers on the app.
why does it take so long for photos and videos to send :(
I love this app it very nice
It's alright it could be better
need sims card asap
DISGORE is a great place to work for and keeps its shape and keeps its shape and keeps its shape and keeps its shape and keeps its shape in a way that is absorbed by the activity of the cell phone do I have to call you or someone else to call you or anything to get a hold of me kp I will be in touch with you on the cell phone do I have to call you or if you have any questions or need anything else from me kp let me know what you need me to do I have to call you or you can call me when you get ho
Great - I wish it had a version for galaxy watches
Y'all are worthless
Ever since the update it doesn't allow me too send text messages it says to turn on native messages and when I do the messages still won't send
IT'S A GREAT TOOL FOR OUR DEPARTMENY!!!!
Its an ok app it just drains my battery
They removed sms support. Just another bad chat app now.
Make old design button, The new design is completely inconvenient and unnecessary
It was really good before the update , now it takes forever to open , it say loading & then i have to force close it. Also it doesnt inform me when someone texts back , or it just doesnt show it at all. Please fix.
Use to be great now I can barley use the app
Good app but tooo buggy
it was good at first but now calls keep hanging up by itself
I am not able to download my recorded classes
Keep changing anything I write!!
It works
It's good...don't know what else to say but..its good...get it...dont...idc
Mobile app frequently buggy but otherwise good product
I like the app for what it is but it drops lot of my phone calls
Great app for talking with friends and creating communities, but update after update, the actual structure ans functionality of the app gets worse and worse! I've been using the app for almost six years now, and this last update that rearranged the entire structure and layout of the mobile version is horrible! Not to mention wholey unnecessary! A majority of the recent updates have been awful and entirely pointless! With only a few things being fixed, and more stuff for nitro subs! Not great!
Keeps trying to charge for subscription, yet it doesn't say I have one with them or in my Google account. Since it's "not there" I can't cancle. It'll just keep trying to charge me, with no way to stop it.
App was good in beginning.but now opponent not receiving my messages quickly. Even we both have good internet. I tried on WhatsApp at same time. on WhatsApp opponent receiving msg fastly but in signal showing single tick only..don't know why.
Text works gud but Fone calls aint so gud
Need to upgrade to do anything 10$
I have used TextNow for years and now suddenly all it does is malfunction. Doesn't put through msgs, cant make a call at times and now it won't even load on my phone. Idk what's wrong with it but looking for an alternative atm.
Discord keeps crashing on Mobile since the new update, so I now have to keep Uninstalling and reinstall whenever it happens.
Clear Reception needs work
This app is a good app don't get me wrong, but recently with this stupid update all the originality and shortcuts to getting to certain screens just disappeared plus the app has become so slow and buggy that it bugs out my entire phone. I like to be on multiple apps while using discord but now I can't even switch tabs to reply to friends without having to wait a full MINUTE to get back in the app which by then my friends have already replied. Things being so much harder to find now really sucks.
cannot get acesss have tried uninstalling and installing about 12 times today without any luck
This app is great! I love it, honestly. But there is a huge problem. Every few days I open the app, it tells me I have to verify my phone number. So I verify it. But it keeps showing up almost daily now and it's pretty annoying.
Great App for business settings and has great potential to be used for big family's or groups of friends!
I'll give this 3 star.This app is so good believe me.But the updates really sucks!The worst part of it is now we can't ever verify our account.For that,we're not able to chat etc with friends. Discord please remove this bug!!
Can't make contact
Old version is best.. new version very bad.. slow
You will be the most used chat app if you add following features 1. User online.. or last seen indicator... 2. Individual chat lock... 3. Before sending an image we should able to point at any particular point of the image with an arrow ⬆️.. 4. Add more theme 5. Create groups
I like this app but I can't open it and I'm really pissed off, and another thing is that when I call someone its always Laggy and glitchy like the person is suddering, and I can't even hear the person because the volume is so low and I do check if its high and it always is. And I'm unstalling this app until y'all fix it or get an update and one thing I want in the update I LESS ADS NOBODY LIKES ADS WHEN THERE TRYING TO TEXT. And I'm not trying to pay 10 dollars not that I'm cheap or broke!!!!!
Discord on Android is pretty useful in itself. But what isn't useful is the app CONSTANTLY suffers from connection problems. No matter how fast your internet is. Almost every time I open the app while it was previously running, nothing loads at all for a good 10 seconds to a full minute. 10 seconds may not seem much, but the PC app can boot up, and load everything in 5 seconds or less. Considering how fast devices are these days, this is unacceptable. Please fix your connection problems.
App is not upgrading.app is still not up-grading. Tried multiple times.
Someone else is using my Gmail and all my information from this app
Calls don't ring
Great at keeping my event participants connected.
Good communication app but the new layout sucks and there is no way to go back to the good old layout. I would bump up the review if they brought back the option the old layout.
So far I'm pleased with the app.. however I haven't been able to utilize all it's features so I can't really give a thorough evaluation.. time will tell
If I want to send someone multiple contacts I can only send 1 contact @ a time Also there's a major lag in sending & receiving messages @ times & sometimes there's even no notification even tho the message has been received
Notifications still don't work, you click it, it takes you into the app and straight to a chunk of random text. With every update the app progressively gets worse and worse and worse. If you leave the app to go to another then switch back the discord app doesn't even refresh until a minute unless you restart the app. Overall a horrible experience.
Great way to keep in touch with a group!
When our heads are the same size, my mom has the option to get rid of blur and it say something about noise cancelation. Mine says nothing about either.
I can't tell if people are online or offline and that's aggravating and I'm having a hard time getting people to come over to this app
It's a very good app but the only problem is you can't join a group by yourself someone will have to invite u to tha group in order for u to join
Is okay. It's very buggy compared to the PC version. But it works for my messaging needs.
Very good calls quality
Every single mobile updat just makes the UX worse. Its now a pain to check online members and pin images
Awesome it's great
I like this up ...becouse its good i communicate with people from different countries
I believe it is more private to use than other apps
No 1 second Phone number app🌟
I like what this app is intended to do but its too jumpy.Its slow and
why make updates that infuriate your users? its so hard to use with the new update. And when i vc, its so buggy. I also cant use the voice mail. Bring back old discord.
It was great before the newest update to the app now it crashes and doesn't load group chats correctly it goes between dm's and groups at random
I'm reluctantly giving it five stars as I just did a tech support call with GoDaddy and it was perfect. Twenty minutes, too. I can't say that from past experiences, but they seem to always be improving. Well, it doesn't work with my Bluetooth speaker. How annoying is that? And no info anywhere on the issue, except the complaints.
Constantly kicking me off.need for work and kicked off again.. maybe we need to use something that works..this app sucks
Since the latest update I can barely even use the app, it takes about 10 minutes just to open the program if it even does open, and texts don't come through for hours and sometimes don't even come at all! Not impressed
The mute button dosen't work
Cool app. Still trying it out. Thanks!
I would have gave you a five stars but I still haven't received my sims card that I ordered like almost 2 weeks ago so is that true or not
No one is receiving my text messages this has never happened before
What's the point of getting minutes if the call doesn't even go through but counts the time.
It's very laggy and filled with adds.
2 stars because it's saved my ass but it is by far the most laggy & glitchy phone app I've ever used. Even when I'm in excellent wifi signal people on the line have issues hearing me.
It loads really slow.cant answer incoming call
Its good but video call quality iiish
The new UI is atrocious.
Easy to use, simple layout, but for whatever reason I'm not receiving notifications. Even after checking my phone settings, app settings and group settings I have to manually update the chats. I've missed many time sensitive messages because of it. I hope they fix this soon.
Very limiting. Need to allow more pics to attach. Needs more features like other platforms!
Well the phone numbers used like not even 2 weeks before a number is re assigned. It is only a backup and this company has gone crazy trying to get money out of you. Just got a notice Sunday to use the number first warning and it's done the next day. If there is a emergency no one knows who is calling. Yes there are times when you may have internet but no.phone service
A scamners galore Men posing as women infest this APP. They try to get you to buy a game card. Give the number and you never see them.
Stupid as it's name. nothing workinig in this sh.ty. app, if you try you will rage and waste your time
Discord is causing too much problem for me for the last few days. My friends can't hear my in-game voice while playing together. I have uninstalled then installed hoping that it would resolve the issue but i faced even a bigger problem. Now i can't even connect to a voice chat! It shows "No Route,RTC connecting". I was able to connect and talk in voice chats before.. but after reinstalling, now i can't. How do i fix these issues? Kindly help.
I love this app! It is so useful and great! However it could do with more emoticon options!
I'm not sure who had the idea to change how replies are sent from mobile, but it's a bad change. I just want to easily check who is on. Before the update the app was a 10/10. Change for the sake of change is a bad idea. At least give us the option to select what swiping does. And yes I already submitted my feedback to discord.
I love this app. If you see looking for a secure way to communicate or want to send large amounts of data, pdf to pics and videos, this is my go to for a "low tech" EASY & SEACURE solution to send data/communicate
I don't know why I installed it in the first place when I don't even need it anyway. But on the side note, the app is an error. Everytime I tried to sign up or login it kept on saying error occurred. Nice try
I have to reinstall several times a month to see my messages. Not very great.
I use to like this app until it started updating all the time messing things up. I have an LG G2 and I no longer receive notifications when I get a text and half the time I never get the text message or I only get half the text. Very disappointed in this app recently!
I have been using this app on Android for nearly 5 years now, I've been through so many updates and I'm not really picky but the past few ones have been the most annoying. One of my issues is that when I turn off displaying images to save data and click on the images I only want to see, the images don't open in discord like they used to but load in a different browser. Also the app has become much heavier and less smooth to navigate. Edit: your article didn't help either
Not private, they read your messages .... If your system is able to flag that an incoming text contains a verification code, that means you read your user's messages, period.
I like this app. Like any startup there are going to be "bugs" that need to be worked out but basically this is a good one. I recommend this to anyone who loves "free",lol! It's a nice one & I plan on being a user as developers improve on the system .
I have trouble with this periodically. I have excellent connection with Wi-Fi. I'm going with another app. the customer service is good and it sounds like you guys are making an effort. But I'm using my phone number for a very important issue and I don't want to hear any more complaints from people saying it doesn't work. but it doesn't work. And it's not my Wi-Fi connection! The only thing that works is text. thank you for that at least
I am not a fan of the new update, especially the new search feature in servers whenever I'm trying to look for a specific text using a particular word. I wish it would revert to its original feature.
the selfie camera does not work
Very good app, but i wish you woulfnt need wifi to use. But overall its a good app
I can't get any new message update. It's not synced. No previous conversation is showing.. very poor :(
No individual group text option anymore. Used to give you the option to send group texts individually. But now that's gone.
Hi! I am seem to be having issues with joining calls because its saying that there is a bug. please fix it..
And clear history across all devices. Great. It's a Mainstay for me. Please put clear history on the main menu. And clear history across all devices for one user.
Hello Discord, I am using this application from many year this app is really great I love this application.(hope you will reply) Thanking you.
I just do not like you get text messages with it
Doesnt even notify me of notifications even tho I've turned all notifications on
Great
very effective 👌🏿
The app closed by itself.
Hasn't stopped working randomly yet like most of the other applications
ill give it 5 stars when they add a setting to turn off vibration im not getting in trouble at work cause of this app
glitchy and not ficuses
Amazing just wish my sim card would work internationally when I travel outside of America I pay not to have any adds and I'm not getting any Amazing
Very bad this is loading app
Same as everyone else is saying, the UI update is bad. Get rid of the new UI or the one star reviews are just going to accumulate.
The discord app is now just not opening even though it was working just an hour ago, I am not sure what to do.
It's a good way to stay in contact with friends
My mobile version displays desktop version, mainly in pop-ups, the description slides, emoji tab, gallery tab, and people's sent images. The options in a voice call is also stubborn to press as it thinks I'm scrolling. Is any of this fix-able?
There is some weird people in discord like discord mods, servers, strangers. But I still love the app oh and the report button doesn't even work👍👍👍
can we go back to the old UI for the discord phone? this new UI really drives me mad. When i want to see other's profile, it doesn't appear. When i want to mute someone from the server, it also doesn't appear that fast like the old one.
Revert back to the old UI please
I have to use my tablet info to my phone is a free phone so I can text now on both of my devices and then anybody
Hey maybe don't get rid of the username numbers
I can't send no messages out am I pay the monthly subscription
It's good, Ig?? Idk it allows us to all talk to each other and I haven't encountered any bugs
please fix notifications. they come through hours late almost all of the time.
Its ok rhats it is on my phone as a back up number so there is a diffrent sort of privacy if its need .
New update sucks
Easy to share info with alot of people quickly
Works most of the time, but I have run into a problem where I'm stuck waiting to join a call. Please help
Removed my international calling balance and added it to unlock rewards. When I completed, I was told that after going to this web, I can see so and so many things. And one more thing ,when I Open textnow web, a web named monkey automatically sign in with Google and collects garbage. Other things Great
It's great! But there is some glitches that need to be fixed.
App is great, but I've had issues where I don't get messages until 10 minutes after they are sent by the other person.
3 years ago your app good every update there's more and more ads your app crashes people's phones and takes over functions up until your last updates your app has become junk
Wow! I tested the TextNow feature DAY PASS in which you get unlimited data, talk, text, plus 2GB of data in the largest 5G network for 24 hours. I bought it yesterday and it did not work for me. I knew I was missing something that it is never well explained and it is one of the most important things. Today I figured it out. You have to try it because after you do what you have to do with the APN you are going to enjoy perfect connection, excellent speed, awesome communication. Don't waste time.
The reason why I gave it a two was because they give you minutes that is why
Absolutely not. Go back. Do not be Microsoft Teams. This update is awful. Give us an option to go back if you HAVE to have this new layout.
Cool 2 have,just in case..
Best way to talk to people
App was incredible, my daily driver for years. Now they are dropping SMS support and it's useless. I want my donations back lmao.
The new app layout is absolutely horrendous, not only is it laggy it also broke a ton of links and is not intuitive at all.
I'm new to this app, as I was invited and still learning about it.
Removal of SMS support killed this app for me. It was nice having all my messages in one spot but now I get conversations split between two apps cause family members who also used signal will sometimes text me via SMS instead of on signal(#boomerthings). I don't want to talk conversations between two apps and find it to be one big joke that this app is trying to become a social media app with stories. Way to kill a good thing guys.
User friendly and it it just like whatsapp or slack!
Phone app is good. I just put 3* because pc version cant hide channel list or online member list. Also no amoled (darker) theme in pc. Really weird for discord pc.
Can't get to.a group
a very good app
Gets the job done except....you can't receive prompts from services that need to prompt your phone on the free version. I've been using free version for probably 5 years, and just noticed that about a week ago. Connections can be pretty spotty and rough. But as stated, gets the job done. Wish you could archive messages.
Love this app been using it for years...only down side is if you don't have wifi it dont work...if they made it were you could use it without wifi it would be the best texting app.....
Impossible to use this application on Nokia G20
I use this for calling 24/7 and it works perfectly! I couldn't think of a better way to call my friends and family!
I like the app pretty cool, but thing i hate is that when i try to open the doscord app it keeps delete it or blank then don't work I don't know is something issue on discord or just my phone
It works, but I still don't get notified when there is an incoming message.
Great to use for social groups
Was 5 stars untol the took the stickers away
NEED TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT PEOPLE GETTING HACKED BY A 18+ SERVER IT IS GETTING SO ANNOYING sorry for the caps but i am so tired of getting spam messages of the dumb 18+ servers
Great app. I use it on multiple devices. I've dropped it to 3 stars because I paid the $4.99 so that I could get verification codes sent to my textnow number. No issues with that but having paid the $4.99 I also expected less ads, which I have not seen a difference in less ads.
Why the hell is the servers glitching and got kicked from that
I give it a 1 because I tried verifying my email or Gmail with the same password and Gmail or email I tried changing it but no notification.
Signal often delays messages for hours or days. I The US postal service is faster What's the point of an sms message app if people don't get your messages until the next day?
It's pretty good for like group chats and stuff. Sometimes people with older dated phones have trouble using the app but overall it's pretty good. I wish there was like a FaceTime and voicecall option that's kinda like Google meet or discord. You do need to be 13 or older for this app and to be honest I don't really think age matters depending on how your using it. For example when I was 13 I was using this as a groupchat for a school program.
Great .
Old UI was gr8 but with current UI it's giving headache in voice and video call...Not able to speak quietly lot of disruption in voice
wrks great
Worked good for what I needed.
This app may not function properly to set up groups in terms of adding/removing members. If downloading it, please consider an alternative for group messaging. I have had troubles adding members to groups for 2 weeks now and see no resolution.
Vicki von Hefld if my mother doesn't get to see 🙈 I can find out if she is.....phone ringer gets turned off stays off never rings PLEASE TEXT FIRST I WILL REPLY
liked the old discord better.
Horrible. I had enough with your app. So I just deleted it. If I could give it zero star I would. First it was the drop calls. Then the calls were just horrible. We couldn't hear each other. The ads were too much ,but I learned to live with it because it's free, but with the call quality was the end. Like I said just horrible
It's okay when it is working.
I like the app, but there is no distinction between the Creator and anyone else in the group. You might say something not even remotely offensive, and if some random member is offended, they will kick you. Could you potentially make it so only the Creator has kicking/banning rights, and is allowed to assign admins to the chat? Because getting banned by someone who just joined when I've been in for 5 months longer is annoying to say the least.
this app does nor always let you know when you have a message. I can go days without knowing someone messaged me, until I open up the app and see an unread message.
Tier 0 community app on Android.
Discord try and not change a perfectly functioning UI challenge (impossible). No but seriously, if speed and ease of access was the goal, it now takes an extra button press to navigate to a recently received dm. And to top it off, it's slower. Like the functionality of it. The app hangs for nearly half a second before loading the screen you want.
It is didn't working on my phone
U should make it work without WiFi
excellent app for when you're out of minutes or just want to go off Wi-Fi have no problems
The texting is fine but I have never been able to make a call.
If you want to be able to load a 10 minute video in 7 minutes and completely destroy your phone. Then this is the app for you!
Used to be a great app. Now google is involved and it does not work. I was sent an invite, followed the instructions completely and i cannot access the new group.
Cannot delete messages in thread that r no longer needed. This fills up my memory and causes other problems. Before I did an update last spring I could select info that was no longer needed and delete it. This is a wonderful tool, but please fix the problem.
Kindly return the right side menu which shows the users to see who are logged in or out in the server, it's annoying that I cannot see that anymore in mobile, pls and thanks in advance.
Very slow for texting and has a seriously bad lag by the time I want to send out a small simple text my responds time take like five to six minutes people think I'm ignoring them
The home screen of this app routinely shows you that there are new messages, but when you open the group in question, they're not there.
I called to my husband but not can talk with him....😩😩😩😩😩
great for having a home phone number and not having to pay for it
First time they release my number in 2 days even though I've been using it for years. On a side note, $7 to subscribe PER WEEK? Gotta be joking, I could get a real number for less 😂 Also you can't get verification code for many things, don't even bother.
Love this app
Takes a little bit of time to figure out what everything means still to this day im figuring out new things about this app
Good app, free and such just they need to work on their moderation and cyber bullying.
Don't always get to call. I try to call and it crashes
Overall a good experience. Just writing a review to extend my dislike of the new update. I think it's trying too much to fit in with other social apps and it's loosing the individuality of discord.
Good app, wish they still had SMS support
Works sometimes.
Hard to understand
I love this app but i recharged on my account since yesterday thru google and uptill now,my account has not been credited.Pls kindly help resolve this issue,what if someone needs to make an urgent call?
Can't receive free verification code
Good overseas connection.
the redesign.
Sucks big time slow and stupid ads
So I have been using this app for a few months now 2-3 idk and it works perfectly, I love it though today I lost my phone number that I had since I downloaded the app and a random person had it, not the issue happens to the best of us the issue is I can't find a new number. I have been trying for hours to get a number but it just says there's no numbers available. If u could do something about it that would be amazing. I get a lot of calls and I need a number. The app is great and I'm thankful.
Worst privacy
Dear discord, My account has been disabled. I wasn't aware of my wrongdoing please unban my account I promise to be careful with how I act and what I say whilst using the app. -G.O.A.T#4987
Freezes a lot more than before; so that's why I give it a 3
It's just an amazing and convenient app to use. Overall a great app.
It is a more efficient way to communicate
I just lost all of my groups after the update! Thanks for the downgrade! 🤬
Worked. Thanks. Now it's smooth as before.
I like the new interface, seems more efficient, speedy and compact. The only problem I have is about hiding and unhiding messages.  At first when I "deleted" a a direct message, It simply removed it from my inbox and whenever I got  new message it would appear in my inbox.  When my friend  direct messaged me earlier today, the notification showed up but I was puzzled for awhile because I had no new messages in my inbox, until he told me he sent a message.  It would not show up in my inbox.
it's a good app
Terrible app. Freezes constantly despite having excellent wifi connection. Can't even import contacts. Useless.
Forces you to pay! If you want to receive verification codes, you're obligated to sign up for a subscription. It actually notifies you when a verification code has been received and that it's blocked it! Completely useless!
Credits are the peoblem... I am not buying credits... I thought this was free texting
this app sucks as far as trying to talk on the phone. you can text but will drop calls or not get them
A typical call in Skype 99% "can you hear me" 1% "hello"
This app barely even opens when it does all it says is not responding and closes out...
Keeoa saying i have an unsupported version of the app
It's a good app, but it's very buggy in the current state.
It works great if you have a group and you can just put the messages in the group chat @ the same time instead of texting each person the same thing
Keeps signing me out
I started using Signal because it also had SMS, even though few of my contacts actually had Signal. Now SMS support is being removed. And the reasoning doesn't make sense: people are too stupid to understand the difference between and SMS and a internet message. Seriously? Really disappointing.
Great app,  just wish the pic and video sharing was faster to use
It doesn't suck that much
I don't like that it takes away your number if you're inactive without paying. otherwise it's a good app
i love discord. it's great. I've met tons of my friends on there and they mean the world to me. but I HATE the new update. oh my God please put everything back I don't like it
The update sucks. Discord was alot better before the new update came. Stop trying to change this to Instagram. Give back the old features.
Waste app everyday my teacher scolding plz fix it bro
Very laggy, opens slow, and a lot of bugs.
Got a new phone try to make a phone call stayed on the phone for 2 minutes drop the call SIM card version of this company's TextNow he's as bad it's not worth it
Where are emojis
I cant find people. I always have to be invited. I have android. Please help
Truly enjoy this app with the family.
Dropping SMS and MMS must have been a huge mistake
Let me be honest there, discord IS an amazing app but... But the amount of bugs there are in the mobile version just kills it.
Unable to hang up!
Trash!!! Calls never go thru.  Too many ads.
Really good app last i checked, only problems i had when i last used it was it requiring wifi to use, and the loss of my number
bug. microphone cannot working on xiaomi need to close open the app too work. when dc on the voice channel and join again. the microphone cannot work again
Not working everytime i try whatsapp says number not blocked for whatsapp
update to a new version
Otherwise its fine.
Sometimes  calling is difficult. All in all a good app
It Good to used in chat , whenever I need to talk with my family I used this app,
Nice one, you managed to make it unusable. What an awful ui now
Good way to group
Does calls but hangs up by it self a lot
It's okay but it's sucks that you got to pay $6.99 a week just to use it to get verification code, yet other apps are free to get the verification code
The app contain many bugs now after the new updates.
I only have this phone to communicate momentarily while my phone is off. The few issues I have is how many times it freezes up where you can't hang up or answer incoming calls and you can't receive or send calls over certain wifi. When you turn a setting off it will still be there. For example I turned off the huge animated gifs that pop up while texting and they never went away. NOW I don't get notified when I receive a text. I've updated refreshed etc. It's just wonky
Every time I call my money card to try and monitor my funds itll never let me through saying I'd entered the wrong information
App closes on its own. Calls wont go through
How dare you remove SMS!?! Do you even realize how many people in the world don't use this app? Half of my generation hasn't even heard of it and you have the audacity to take away my ability to contact them. I am beyond mad right now. The app was perfect until then. Shame on you all. I've used this app for years. I really can't understand you all right now. But, I hope you're happy with losing half of your users, because it's going to happen if they can't text outside of this messaging app.
I released my number trying to get a new one and now its saying something went wrong! Unreliable! I would have kept the damn number!
A solid chat app, but periodically a few bugs pop up. Mainly, every once in a while the app fails to load messages, sometimes for days. I engage in all the standard troubleshooting methods, but most of the time I just need to wait. Overall though it's great for my purposes.
I hate it alot of scammers on it
Functions correctly as what it does. Knocking off the stars because the app does not implement system dark mode properly so even though the OS is dark and the Skype app is dark, the nav bar is bright white.
Notifications are very delayed .. some people say they don't get the call ring on the other end and instead the other user gets a notification of a missed called 30mins to an hour later. I left the app sadly as it's not fast enough in allowing me to talk to my contacts. The other issue is the media being sent is not grouped together .. there is no web app support instead you need to install an app on desktop which also fails to sync messages correctly. The video call quality is extremely bad.
Tried using this many times and it seems to crash / cookie issues / please fix thank you and have a blessed day !
I can finally talk to my friend from home
Thank
It needs more minutes
The app barely works. It makes my keyboard lag when I'm in the app, and when I exit out of the app and close it, my phone freezes up for a few seconds and the app crashes, almost every time. If you exit out of the app for any reason with a message waiting but not sent, it will delete it 95% of the time, so if you needed to go fact check something, too bad, your whole paragraph is gone. Also, the ad that pops up underneath the keyboard directly after sending a message makes it impossible to quickly send a fix for a typo (caused by the lag) because I now have to close the app store and go back to the conversation. It definitely needs a lot of work, especially since it only sometimes sends and recieves texts reliably.  Changed my rating from 3 stars to 2 after I spent all day thinking everyone was ignoring me just to get flooded with texts and see all mine send all at once in a random order this evening. It really seems like the quality of this app is sinking, it used to be much better. I decided to switch to TextNow and it's already so much easier to use. I'll be deleting this app and definitely not coming back.
Too many ads it pisses me off
New app does not function. Closes randomly. Can't open pictures. Exquisitely ugly
It's great...until you have to transfer to a newer device and then it doesn't want to give you back your chat history. You can back up the history all you want but actually being able to access it is an entirely different story. The "help FAQs" don't help either, outside giving the illusion of being helpful.
Too many ads..
Ever since the last update, it is super annoyingly slow.  Makes me just close it rather than wanting to use it.  Fix your interface
use this app daily and when it works it's great. But for about the past 2 wks every other day it wont load randomly throughout the day and I end up having to uninstall and reinstall the whole thing. It's super annoying
Horrible new ui. What the heck Discord, uninstalled that update real fast.
Unable to send any screenshots or image since update
Awesome and easy. Great quality
The chats keep glitching constantly where I have to swipe to close the app in order to switch channels and the customized icons are still not working
It works very hard and it is very slow, it consumes a lot of battery and Microsoft does not pay attention to the Android Skype app at all.a lot off bug's!!
I can't sign in. Everytime shows that check your internet connection, while I have a strong signal.
I like it but some times when I sent a video or picture together it's just crash
TRYED TO USE THIS FOR A VERIFICATION ON YOUTUBE BUT WONT WORK
App is borderline unusable and this is on a phone with a Snapdragon 888 processor. Why fix something that ain't broke?
I loved this app before the update. I can't even send images anymore. I want the old layout back.
Please beware scamners are using it to offer jobs and get your info!! (
U have got to be kidding me right?? Everytime I call someone or text someone it says phone call or delivery doesn't seem to be delivered or completed but I have over 50mins and its just dumb how you have to keep watching videos just for mins I mean if it was free like you guys say it is then people(users) wouldn't have to do that
Just downloaded the app.. tried to login and keep getting, there was an error try again.
can't receive certain types of messages
The app is not accepting to install on my phone,can someone help me please
App on phone won't sync immediately
I love that it translates messages but it does not translate when on video.. which was my reason for getting it. Looks like I will have to look for another app.
Supports all the required features including high quality video an audio calls. Even has all the features from WhatsApp, that I never use, like Stories etc. Newest and sweetest feature is "Edit Message" as known by e.g. MSTeams. An in top of all it is encrypted and open source. There is no safer place for your shared data!
not bad for a free app. just gotta use it at least once per 30 days to keep the number. many numbers to choose from. only get 30 minutes of talk time though.
It wouldn't let me log in
It's getting prob to login
CONSTANT FALSE NOTIFICATIONS!! - "You May Have New Messages" CONSTANTLY APPEARS - WHEN I DON'T HAVE ANY MESSAGES. These false notifications WASTE MY TIME!
Put a translator in the DM please.
great and super convenient
This app sucks! Doesn't always alert you when you get a new message and it just dropped a very important incoming call and there's no way to see the number that called so I can call them back!
So high definated
Owned by Microsoft. Can't fix major bug or this is some hidden settings. Every time I call with my WiFi on person O call can't hear me. As soon as I call without WiFi everything is fine.
Was working well and now suddenly can no longer make out bound calls. I'm trying to make a US call and it rings once and then says I don't have enough credits to complete this call. There should be no credits as the call is not international.
I keep disconnecting and rejoining a call despite the update. I enjoy most things in this app, but not this.
I want a refund I put mins on here and it won't let me make a call
it's good eazy to call out
sometimes its hard to hear calls but it works good overall
Unable to download. Please fix this issue
Skype works great for me, most of the time.
So good I might just buy the SIM card for service. A++👍
Would get more stars if picture down loads were easier.
I don't know what I did to do with it
I ordered my sims car i while back. I purchased it fir 4.99 plus tax. It was shipped on the 10th and still not here. O can't get in touch with a real person to get another one or my money back why can't I reach anyone
Won't download on my home screen so I have to go to the play store to use it. Also does not alert me of incoming calls or texts
Its AWESOME TO STAY IN TOUCH
Update: I continue to use the app with some people. We also use it for phone calls sometimes. It is an excellent communication replacement when you have good Wi-Fi, but no cell coverage. We used it extensively when our son was in England where his phone had no SMS. ______ Discontinuing sms is suicide. Do they really think that I can convince 100 contacts to switch to signal? I can't even get all my family on it. Juggling two apps is stupid for anyone who has more than one signal contact.
My debit card was charged 4.99 and I did not authorize it
Was useable, but I barely use it with the new update, it's a total mess. Almost no benefits to the change and the app feels 10 times more sluggish than it did before. If there was an option to chose between 'new' and 'classic' discord when you first loaded the app for instance, maybe it would work but as it stands the decision to change the app to this bloatware monstrosity is one of the more baffling ones in recent memory.
A pain to setup, no import capabilities, unless every contact is on your phone. Moronic
I've been using this app for a preety long time now,and now it won't let me call anybody or let me answer calls.All it does is show up a blank white screen then it takes me back to my messages.Please fix this issue
All my friends are on here. Im rlly glad i met them but it should be easier to make alt accounts
The last layout was much better, this update has made Mobile almost unusable, please if there is any God out there return it to the old Layout!
I like the layout just not how emoji is gone you can't see what you liked you can't see a list of ppl using GM you can't delete old conversations and again emoji is gone.... Hopefully you guys are working on it just haven't got to it yet other than that its cool.
Love this app thank you ❤️
The reception is always too bad to talk but the texting works perfectly.
It would not let me sign in 😬😬👎
Here, when chatting with someone, no one else, can sneak in, and I like that
So it's good for the most part, but my problem is the new voice mesaage option, I can send a 5 second voice message, but when I try to send longer voice messages they don't want to send. Fix this please.
It's a great VOIP app that enables any one to speak with each other free of cost with only the need of an Internet connection. The reception is often good. My only criticism is that when you have the app open and you migrate over to another app and come back to the Skype app, it reboots so you end up losing the chat box you were in.
My friend cannot see my camera .. when I open the camera he tell me that It seems closed
I almost never get my text messages. It's not worth the download.
I can't remember my password and how can retrieve it or get a new one
Wotks when it wants. Connections are unstable and drops all the time. With continuos network glitches
I love this chattin' app it's great for chattin' with anyone anywhere! And it's private and that's always a plus so i highly recommend this app to anyone lookin' to chat privately with anyone!
When I call none of calling is clear
I banned someone and I tired to unban using the server unban button and its been loading for 1 Year plz fix this
Always on point
Works fine. Though I don't understand why you get kicked out of a group if you don't respond.
Ads are everywhere
New update works horribly
Is that when i receive at text that i dont have to refresh it to see it and that the pinger talking app would let me use it and not stay stuck on what country im in,other than that its a pretty good app.
please.. change it back :( Its not even pretty anymore.. this is honestly an overall downgrade
thx for c re creating
Every time there is a new update, all the chats become read only. Very annoying.
used to earn 2 MINUTES per video, now only 1 Reply to Plinger-- yeah watching videos you're only getting 1 minute, also that's the only free way. Otherwise you're spending $. I'm just gonna go install a different free app that's free.
minutes and you should ne able to name the numbers
Kinda cool
It's good but it have a very bad quality in the videos for example when i play a video the quality is so bad 😞
Help. Why I can't verify my discord account? Can you remove it because I don't like it.
It's a great app overall, BUT ADD BACK THE NUMBERS. IT MAKES IT EASIER TO CATCH PEOPLE WHO ARE PRETENDING TO BE SOMEONE ELSE.
I'm not one to review bomb, never done it before. But this new update has made me use the app so much less to the point that on the off chance I do open it up I close it straight away because the UI is so terrible now. If they hadn't removed the ability to revert the changes and use the old layout I couldn't care less, I don't understand why it isn't an option so there's a best of both worlds.
Great app.
You can't clear your own messages like whats app still even now end of 2023? lol
I cannot get onto my chats or contacts even.I must have sent 50 messages to support but no reply
App crashes anytime you open the server menu where the text and voice channels are, especially when pictures or videos are on screen to the right
Firstly i couldnt go to any channele with the announcement channe being popped out now i cant read GC messages
After 5 seconds, I can still hear the person but the person cannot hear me. I depend on this to talk to my daughter every friday. Whatever happened, broke the app, and now I'm having to find a replacement
So far, so necessary, it is a great way to communicate with friends and family.
Similar to other people's reviews, the app frequently gets stuck on the current channel's chat and every other channel and server shows the same chat until I restart the app. Was never an issue before until the last updates. And before you suggest it, switching wifi and data doesn't fix a code bug. Galaxy S22 Ultra on Android 13
Good for a teacher reminder or information.
By far my favorite chat app. If you're using anything else, switch!
Slow on MI Note 11 Unable to link from Web. Camera gets stuck at QR scan screen.
Calls are horrible! You either can't hear the person, they can't hear you, or u just get cut off! Please fix and I will give 5 stars
It's good even though it takes a while to deliver
This app is awesome. I love it because I can chat with my friends over long distances. But here's the catch. Last summer, I could chat with someone on the other side of the world. Today, I can't get some messages I send to my friend and it's the same thing for them over a 2 HOUR DRIVE! So please fix this because a problem that cost 3 stars, is a VERY big problem.
Not the easiest to add peaple but it works dont forget your password
Horrible. It won't let you use any of the free features that comes with it including the video. You keep getting error messages for stuff and I cleared to catche, and even uninstalled it just to still get an error message. But it works perfectly fine every other phone I have in the house. Way too many ads, and you can't even disconnect from the ads the ads are mandatory and a lot of times you can't even take the ad off it just continues on and never goes back to the operation of using it
Easy to use, features work well/as described
I bought a $15.00 world unlimited mins to landlines and mobiles for 1
Cannot log in even after multiple password resets, I have zero problems logging in on my laptop but the app has become completely useless as of now been using the same account/password since 2014 or so and have never had problems logging in until today
It's fantastic but I have my connection to my PlayStation but I asked my friend if he can see what I'm playing and he didn't, even though I'm playing a game and it doesn't show on my status I tried everything
Functionality is good. Calendar and messaging works good
I absolutely HATE it. I am forced by my employer to have it. And I hate it.
Sucks that theyre removing the sms feature. Theyre not even making suggestions for alternative apps. Im scrambling to find one. And yes I see no other purpose of this once legendary messenger app. I need an app to text. Very basic feature. Will be removing once I find the perfect alternative.
no phone calls can be successful. one star just for the glitchy texting feature. edit: tried multiple wifi areas with the same to worst experience when trying to make any or receiving any phone calls.
It is one the better apps that I have downloaded
Would be cool if it would actually deliver anything (text/files). Can voice call ok buy just use phone most of the time anyway.
Signal is dead ... RIP, why did you guys remove SMS support?
Garbage new UI makes the app exceedingly clunkier to use and way less intuitive, for absolutely no reason other than chasing after an UI trend started by other messaging apps that fundamentally cannot apply to Discord due to how different it is to them in actual intended function.
Removed swiping left to show your friends list. Now there's tabs. Swiping left is replies to comments now. Edit: I'm not even the only one bitching about the new ui. Time to revert back to what we had, discord.
I though the he best of luck 😨😨
Best social media platform I ever used!!
The app was working fine until it updated and now all it does is forecloses everytime i open the app please fix the problem asap.
Can't call anyone using this app
Best messaging app. Don't ever change
Really good!
It's good except if you go like 3 days without using it they delete your number and you have to get a new one. Other than that I like it very much
Sick of this stupid app. I can't get past the CAPTCHA verification screen, it's been weeks.
It's the best way for me to keep in touch with my friends, we have a lot of fun
where we my option for loudspeaker gone?
Do not function. Will not load
In a nutshell it may take a huge amount of time on doing anything (load messages, load my gallery and send pics, join a call), sometimes seemingly never... Otherwise it does everything as intended.
New update spoiled everything...
Text now is Wonderful, I never have any problems with it ,I can't say enough good things about it
To hell with Microsoft. This app keeps rejecting the correct passwords forcing me to reset more than a dozen times.
It's a great app to use I like it is user friendly!
Very secure app to have conversations without worrying about them being seen. Update; this is an amazing app for texting, no one can see or read past texts. I recommend you try it if you're worried about BIG BROTER tapping in
i like this Text Now application. it is good to have a backup. Urge all associates and friends to get em one now.
bruh it always knows the number fake
TARKIS
The app sometimes doesn't send me notifications, and every time I try to change my icon it reverts back to my old one. GroupMe should allow you to delete individual messages and chat histories with other people instead of forcing me to hide old messages.
Don't get me wrong I love discord very useful. But the new version my god full of bugs. When I open discord and go directly to servers the screen freezes. And for instance I go back to discord from another application and even the chat history is a few messages back.
Good way to communicate
UI update is disgusting. Why would you make such a drastic, disorienting, and useless change? Why would you remove the option to disable it?
New
when i play spotify while i use this app on my Samsung S7 Edge. the music and video call quality is horrible.
Calls dropped echos not a very good app
the lastest update get issue with message delay, and the support team dont give a shiet but just "clyde" bot doin job
While I was typing a reply to a message, the app restarted itself and deleted all my conversations and messages. Other than having the same number, it was as if I just installed the app and was starting over
It has to many ads
The application hangs almost each time I'm starting it, right after the splash screen. I try to run it on a Galaxy S7 with Lineage OS 19.1 (Android 12) installed on it. There is definitely a problem in the app when run on the newer OS, as it used to work OKis on the stock Android 7.
A great app
Nice one
it keeps saying there are NO NUMBERS available! no matter which area code I pick!
Utter trash that makes you sign up to read a text. Uninstalled.
Love the app, very helpful but after a while notiffications wouldn't show up n my screen. As soon as I open the app though, they would all show up. (And yes I have all of my notification settings on) PINGER PLS HELP!!!!
Failed to create account. I didn’t receive any verification, though tried several times. It sows failed to connect with server.
This app has failed miserably because it won't take my password!
After updating, there's been constant application crashes and force closing, please fix this.
It Goes fast and I like it
This game sucks I got even get in I don't even have a email account only a Gmail account! I HATE THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The app is great and usable but it'd be better if there was a search button, so you can search in conversation. I sometimes want to find old images or messages in the convo but I can't find them anymore, unless I scroll up which always glitches out. Please add a search in conversation tool
It's a horrible app please fix it stuck a lot
Good services, not a great interface for dialing/adding new contacts. Can forward calls to a Skype number, but not texts - which is annoying.  Good alternative to international plans minus the text receiving issue.
Not bad app works great lots of ghost on it
Account was hacked and then disabled. Reached out to support and they said I had gone against terms of service and nothing could be done. Very poor customer service.
I've used for couple months now and it's getting worse everyday. It doesn't ring or tell Me when I have a message
I think there should be a option to delete the chats if you wanted to instead of hiding them
It's pretty bad app. When using it for a work: each message or group call understand all the pain of using this. Often missing notifications, ton of lags like missing message even chat is opened, when open app - it just closed or even crashed. Poor work with RAM (consumes a lot) and all this 'great stuff's. But now I'm happy not using this anymore.
App itself works for that it would get a great score, however they have some Sneaky Ads which are just Nonsense. I get it the app is free therefore you put up with ads. The reason I say the Ads are sneaky is the following. There are times when an Ad will Pop up and you go to Close it by hitting the X in the corner & what happens? It takes you to the freaking ad page. The "X" was fake. Look back at the Ad & you notice that there is another button in corner that says Close.
The sound is clear, but the layout (mobile version) is no longer user friendly for quickly finding the parties you want or need to connect with.
It's an okay app I've had no problems I'll talk to my girlfriend on
Greatest 2nd phone line. Love it.
You are dumb app doesn't allow me to erase numbers for my contacts I no longer want
The app was good sometimes but most of the time even if we have full interest the app will be slow messages won't send fast the most the times calls will be not good it will be stuck in middle of calls....
It's been crashing and won't stay  open I'm very unhappy
Its a good app for texting and calling but it has WAYYY to many ads
Fast smooth and secure! Sends and receives my carriers native app.
Great service
Well i'm new on this app,but downloading it was very easy the only question i have is that the verification code which was sent to my phone text message instantly re-typed it self in the verification box of the app(signal) which i dont think it should be so,since it is only known by me i presume.
It's not bad....could be better....
yet another walled garden -> 🗑️
Bad app in my opinion.
Please add so we can report people because some mfs hacked into our account 🙂
Its ok only bad thing is theres an echo on the others persons voice
App has been slow to open and will lag out and not refresh to current messages that show up on desktop. Sometimes it will get stuck loading my DM's and servers
Need to improve Android side , I compare with iPhone  And when you paste big text to the grocery it's behave weird on Android, better in iPhone
- so much for hands free! I had read somewhere that this feature can't be
Its alright I guess I've had no problems out of them yet
New version was not able to verify my number,kept on throwing error, was not able send or receive messages and also there was no sync with desktop version.
I have waited for 45 minutes to receive msm or phone call fir that 6 codes but don't received yet
Great app, convenient - until huh ou need help! With all that this app has, there's no way to adjust ring volume. That's crazy!!
Love the app, very secured and easy too use
It's good when you have no service plan and just have wifi access on your device. Call quality isn't the greatest but app is free so can't complain too much.
Calling is pretty frustrating, whenever I go to hangup or do anything when I touch my screen it turns black and I can't do anything until I stop touching it My phone was on in my pocket and somehow bought TextNow ad free+
Horrible experience! I don't use for many years and I can't stop the subscriptions...it is stilling my money every month, no customer service and representative...i have to close my credit card to stop this fraudulent activity...
I enjoy and love this app. I have used it off and on for years. The ads can be intrusive butits not too bad
Great for group messaging! Easy to add people
Long time user, but I can't access the main screen, if I want to text someone I either have to search them or click a notification. Otherwise it just loads and loads forever
Nobody wanted this update. You don't need to add anything new this isn't a game. Just leave the app as it was. And stop ignoring everyone that is so disrespectful
Very good for free text haven't tried to use the calling feature yet.
At first discord was my favorite communication app and i even purchased nitro,but now days discord started glicthcing and when I open discord I can't even see any server or any of my friend's profile picture. Please fix it !
Why does a number that was just use yesterday when you try to call says It's Disconnected today
Downloaded the app. Go to open it and the app will not run.. after 5 minutes of opening and closing app it FINALLY runs but once I watch a video to get minutes the app freezes!!! Deleting.
Was alright 👌
The update makes things hard to find and less accessible. I've also had issues with the channels not loading when switching between servers or between channels in the same server
Best app, secure, no blocking as other app WhatsApp etc doing
Why is SMS dropped? Now my parents cannot use this anymore as they get confused using multiple apps for messsaging.
You guys need to fix the bugs. Love the app..but refreshes for like 20 min.
Signal app my app Mein Ek bhi active group abhi tak nahin mila hai sochne wali baat hai yah
You need to be able to delete messages one by one
I can be slow sometimes but very fun games !
Messaging works pretty well. Can't make a phone call to save your life though. Has always IF (and that's a big IF) they can even hear me, there is a 20-30 second delay. Can't talk to anyone like that lol.
It's really comes in handy Works great Just wish it had more directions
Love this app. It's good and reliable
Its a great app , I love the time I spend here but for some reason I keep having technical issues with this even if everything is alright
I really wish more of my contacts used this instead of Whatsapp.
Can't even upgrade my account nor log in to the website to figure out Why complete wast of time
Try first time
Good video chat.
it doesn't have old games
Love it .Now can only find a phone that doesn't breakin 2 days😞.
I hate this app, it's one of the worse apps ever. you wouldn't get any stars if I had it my way!!
-Slow even on a device with 12gb of ram. -Dualscreen phones such as my zfold3 have lackluster support meaning the gui is buggy. And they're also going to implement a username change, yeah, I'm not gonna use your little tencent app anymore.
I experienced good vedio & no loading active to call every day...
I would give it 5 stars if I could use an image that I Bluetoothed fromy pc to my phone. It kept saying image data not found. I had to take a screenshot just to use it. Even though it was clearly on my phone.
The best App for privacy reasons Because WhatsApp does not give such type of privacy policy And the owner of facebook and WhatsApp they want only our data to doing there business So, be aware and delete the WhatsApp because now a days so many scams are done by WhatsApp So use this app and get secure 🔐 our data
I love it but the quality is not that good
Please add share screen feature in this mobile app so that it can be more
You have to have Facebook what the heck
I have loved using this app for a long time, used it since 2017, and previously had a five star review on it, but it gets more frustrating to use with every update. They keep adding new UI changes that are entirely unnecessary and just make the experience worse for no clear reason. I buy nitro because I think the emoji and animated banner perks are worth it, but if the app gets more user unfriendly I don't want to pay for that.
What happened?? It's so full of bugs! Can't even send a video.
very much enjoy signal !
Pretty good app, some glitches here and there, sometimes the app crashes on me, but not often, overall good app
Pinter was a 5 star now to me it dropped ever seens the New update I experienced promblems  it won't even let u see ur messages because it say Still loading for a long time I tried uninstall the app 3 or 4 times but it still does the same thing Please Fix this app Please.....
Uhgh, my experience with this app is disgusting, I ALWAYS and I mean ALWAYS need TF+ but I live in a cardboard box, I just lost my dawgggggggggga 😢🐶🙏🕊️
UPDATE- The Verify you are a human on the web site is stupid!!! Doesn't work and for palsy victims is totally worthless! Get rid and I'll go back to 5 stars. Finally got everything together. Am quite happy with the app. Also the ONLY communication app I've seen with free calls to family and friends in Ukraine! Kudos guys!
I pay monthly for an limited ads experience, I literally get all of the ads that were previously shown. This only happened after a recent update. The little ads are fine and it shows up properly on my other phone. My new phone doesn't. FIX IT ASAP, I LITERALLY PAY MONTHLY.
App is great, but the newest update did something that ruined the AMOLED mode... Now it's just regular dark mode with AMOLED side menus...
Yeah i have a bunch of issues with the app, first it takes long for a call to go through, then sometimes it bugs out with speaker. My friend says i sound far away sometimes and sometimes i make a call and my friend picks up but the calling continues. also when i am writing a message and someone calls me a big chunk of my message dissapears when i answer the call. Once i called my friend and he did 't pick up, he explained he didn't get notified by skype and that it was a facebook call! WTH!
So far so good, I'll post more as I play
It's really a cool and easy app to use
Great security and quick
Use it for marching band, very easy to use
Only because I can't receive the code I need to update the app which is vital for me to be able to progress further in life
l Iike this App alot
It's a good communication apps
Bad waste of memory
Cool app 💯✌
The app is very useful. I use my online class.
The only original thing about GroupMe, its meme creator, has been completely ruined thanks to some back end update. Gone are the ways to easily edit what you just wrote or use Enter to position and size the text so it looks right over your photo, replaced by two ghost boxes that entered text cannot be directly edited within or use use Enter to change text size. Well done, GroupMe. You're now even more worse than the far superior Slack.
Can't use it in multi-window or popup view anymore. That's ridiculous
I can't open the to read my messages
Fast snd easy to use.
Tough No
So good app but have issue of voice👌
Sometimes I don't get messages if it's really active.
It's pretty cool
Not sure about this app. I haven't used it much.
Can't do what I did before. Previously, it was intuitive. Don't need all the bells and whistles.
Nice 👍 App social integration and communication.
I love discord people are so kind there and a nice dev helped me out
Worse than before the update. The UI is bad annoying. It's slow and sluggish, even for a Web-app. Because of this generally, I don't use Discord much and prefer platforms like Telegram.
My current problem with the app is I can't send pictures or videos anymore.
Not able to text or call anyone. New to discord so this isnt very impressive lol.
Can not get calls when someone calls your number, I have never been able too receive one no matter how hard my son tries.
Installed, saw the reviews about the ads literally disrupting your entire experience, and since I was going to use this for business, noped right out and uninstalled. I'll be taking chances elsewhere
Too many spam calls
The app is fine and everything but why does it take a subscription to change your profile????
IT'S OK I GUESS FOR A SPARE LINE IF I LOSE MY IPHONE
It's not free..
This used to be a really good application, great way to keep in touch with friends and have it sync to your games. As of late the app seems to be going downhill, the latest update completely revamped the look of the application. Its now much more clunky and non intuitive, you can't open discord via the notif bar without the channel view breaking the app entirely. Every update released lately seems to be mostly for those paying the annual 100 dollar fee
App works mostly well, but there is a bug with "upgrading" from Boost plans to Nitro plans, where you will be charged for it hut the payment fails. I got refunded, but the solution (after a week of back and forth with tech support) is "wait a month, and then try to resubscribe with the plan you want". Frustrating to deal with.
New UI is absolutely horrible and feels clunky and unnatural to use, no clue why they decided to change what was working completely fine
It is the worst thing ever
Good for people who dont have service to call
Fix your boosts, any time i purchase boosts i get an error yet you take my money and I can't even use my boosts, keeps saying i dont have it
Does not port over contacts. Search function never finds name or number
Didnt work I called and other people called me but it didnt ring or do anything
Why Skype is getting slower day by day. My Manager sent me a message & its showing notification prompt after 3 days. Overall its getting slow 🐌
What I find absolutely ridiculous is that after using this app for years, you changed the function of this app to where I can't receive verification codes unless I pay something like $6 a week? The reason I downloaded this is because it was paid for by the ads that I saw. Now all the accounts that I have from instagram, facebook among all the others, I can't get into these accounts unless I get a verification code using my phone app. I have to pay for this now? It's the bait n switch.
I want to chart
It's great for hanging with my friends!! But for some reason when I hop on a game if kicks me out of the call sometimes don't know if it is discord just thought Id mention that.
Very informative
Sometimes it echos n u can't hear.
App constantly has issues, cannot edit anything and I need this app for
I love that
This app is a total rubbish. I haven't been frustrated the way I am today when I tried connecting to a conference call. It doesn't deserve a star at all. And, yes today is my first day of making conference calls with it...
Forced subscription
Skype is very nice messenger but from few Days I Facing Screen Sharing problem Please solve Screen Sharing Problem
The notifications do not work
Honestly this app its OK I would rate it more but every time I make a call after a minute or 2 it hangs up and I have to recall. If that gets fixed I will for sure rate this app a 5 out of 5
my main issue is this latest update. why are my private messages at the bottom? i hate it. and it gets harder and harder to log out of one account and log in to the next one. i wish there was an easy option for switching accounts like there is on desktop. i feel like there used to be and it got removed.
I'm facing lot of lagging with the app since downloaded the recent version, before it was smooth now it's getting hang. Pls do the needful
I cant seem to send pictures .. thats why i downloaded it and nothing
I love this app it's nice and very easy to use
The latest update of the app that splits it in separate menus is incredibly bad UI/UX. On top of that the app is becoming slower with each update. I am considering entirely uninstalling from my phone, because I dread looking up notifications knowing that my flagship phone will not be sufficient to use the app properly. This used to be a messenger app with some neat functions and is gradually turning into a marketplace.
Can be more better. Sometimes my phone stops working when I open skype. Video can be more better too!
Idk why but discord is crashing for me??? It would let me either go to another channel in a server or go to my dms. I'm stuck in this one channel and can't leave!! It also disconnects me from call and crashes This is before and after the update as well. It's not fixed or better??? Edit: I had to log out and back in to work anything. What?????
Great app for our life group to communicate with.
More than half the time Skype won't leave any notification or make any
I don't like the new Ui. The old one is bett5 and easier to navigate.
Discontinuing sms support 👎
Discords most recent update has actually made accessibility worse with eye straining themes and the performance issues are incredibly frustrating. The app now lags and hangs when it was fine before the update. The classic dark mode was less harmful on my eyes. This update feels like discords pushing away from chat rooms and more like a social media service which isnt what I want.
So someone can text me at 8:30 but I want recieve it til 10 15 30 min later !
Can't make or receive calls already uninstalled and reinstalled and still nothing. I've tired this on several devices and same thing.
So recently my friend has tried to text me and I can only see my messages I can't see my friends messages
Ive been using this app almost two years now but ive encountered connecting problems, it keeps disconnecting me while im in the middle of a convo and doesnt allow me to share my video during calls, sharesscreen also suddenly freezes. This all happens despite of me having a good internet connection. It just appears and becoming annoying.
Every time I open the app it constantly closes, it's really irritating because I can't text anyone back.
Secure communication.
Its ok i just have issues with it sometimes
It's to much storage used
It helps a lot with School Ty 😊
Bad app Can't login 🗑 🚮
This app used to be good, now it won't ever work right.
Good for calls and messaging only but unable to use any other apps or the web. Data should be able to use internet features butbjt doesn't.
Why does skype freeze on opening app?
On windows certainly better than on Android. Sure, functionality is the same. And yet, on Android I miss every message or call unless I have the app open just when the call/message comes in. Some internet discussions suggest to use automation. Sadly this only can keep an app active in the background if your device is rooted.
It works fine I mainly use it for after school meetings and stuff
This app is ridiculous every single time I try to make a call it says that I have HD quality connection and drops the call within 30 seconds I can try 15 times in a row and all it does is chew up the minutes I have to make calls
I have changed my review because it has locked me out of 2 accounts and it's really annoying me now and now I can't even use my phone for my account...
I got groomed by a 71 year old guy posing as a 16 year old girl when I was 14.
Bad updates and changes
My favourite messaging app. Way nicer than WhatsApp and I know my data is protected while using it too.
Absolutely great so many features
I use Discord all the time. The overface is not good. Plus, this last update its keeping from using the voice chat. It's gotten worse in just a day. Can'tt even send pictures
Keeps forcing close fixxxx
In tough times this app is a lifesaver
Boycotting apps by Sweden
Uses alot of RAM,delayed messages sometimes and also call quality sucks 50% of the time
Great app... but lots of dropped calls
It's still the best audio and text chat app but the newest UI update was clearly done to justify someone's job. Why did the ability to search other channels go away? Why are DMs not a channel and instead displayed in the same UI way as a setting? It's incoherent. Never mind inexplicable lag in voice channel updates vs the desktop program.
Why dont u get the update option ...my phn still have old skype but i couldn't see the update option in play store ...why this happened ?
Johsell bughao
Its very good snd it link me with freiends
change the mobile UI back
Good for my high school softball team
New ui changes suck, very poor experience chatting with friends
I don't appreciate the new update(im on mobile). Discord was way easier to use when we didn't have all the buttons on the bottom. Kindly change it.
Notifications and messages work well. Have had some issues with it showing notifications for messages I've already seen but not a nuisance by any means
As of version 4.16.9 or so, Signal removed your ability to get your SMSs, MSMs, and associated media files out of Signal. You can create encrypted backups, but they provide no tool to help you get anything useful out of the backup. The former CEO/developer stated on Github that if you want such a thing you should write it yourself. So, basically they've created a walled garden. Beware.
This is a very good aap .
italicize, recolor text in your chat
Everything is goin quite well but everytime I try and change my servers pfp it doesn't change No gif nor image so pls fix that
its a good app 💝
Recent update is trash, UI didn't need to be changed and app is constantly crashing. I just now tried to open it multiple times and it won't load at all, when it was fine earlier today.
Discord is my go to chat app but each update just gets worse. I hope they change it back.
so far so good. very happy as of right now.
The new update is horrible, the app feels really slow and lags is very annoying
Sometimes messages don't go through but it's pretty good for big groups
I really don't see the problem with the Ui, as i use this daily without issues.
Absolute garbage. Nothing more needs to be said.
I dont always get the right spelling corections
This app very very slow.
Works. You just need to ensure some ads.
Vc is always broken and poor quality.
needs to be removed.
Very difficult to sign up
Not had notifications for over a month, I have a ticket open with support but issue is still not resolved, everything on my end is as it should be to receive them, I just don't
they keep updating to make the mobile app unusable. no one can see server members, and the font keeps changing. these updates just seem out of left field and are shittily done
For text formatting, I should be able to get the options when I select the words.
Beware that Signal is developed by people that love to decide exacty how you should do things, with zero pragmatic thinking. Don't get used to it! The app won't work unless you update it every three months and they may remove any functionality at random. Backups are regularly broken. It used to be able to work as the default messaging app on Android, by sending Signal messages to other Signal users and traditional text messages to non-Signal users but this feature was removed.
Going to throw a fit. Every single time I open a chat, it's a dozen messages up and I have to scroll down. If I switch to something else and back to that same chat, it's scrolled back UP AGAIN AND I HAVE TO SCROLL DOWN, AGAIN.
I have been very impressed with the Signal applications on Android and the Windows 10 desktop program.
Very bad app
Came with 0 minutes 😢
Some times it cuts my conversation off but otherwise it's a good app!
Great way to communicate :)
Terrible update. Ever since the whole layout change was brought in, the app is littered with bugs everywhere. I can't receive messages until I actually open the app, phone calls don't ring either until I'm actually in the app? I mean, the whole point of having notifications is when your out of the app and something pops in, you should get notified. I had to download Skype classic for my laptop to rectify this, unfortunately the phone doesn't seem to have a similar alternative. I'd give it less than 1 star if I could.
I still believe that Signal is a must-have, but I am really disappointed at the decision to stop supporting unsecured SMS. The developers seem to be more interested in feeling smart than making smart decisions for the app.
Great app for group messages.
Just stopped working. Even sent emails. To resolve the issue. Nit a single reply from signal. Disappointing
Really like it.
I love Discord! It's such a good way to interact and communicate with all of my favorite YouTube creators as well as connecting with gamers. Wish there were better options for stickers free or if purchasing though. Isn't it really time for a developer to upgrade those by now? I mean graphics are super advanced now so why not surprise your users?
The phone is pretty terrible even though I have an excellent connection, but the text is fine.
You don't even know if you got a text message you have to keep checking because it's no sound and you try to open up notifications and da screen is black that's crazy please fix
This stuff works
Why would you make an app less accessible? The new update has made navigating the app unnecessarily convoluted.
new UI suck
I never installed this app
I've used discord before and have never faced this problem. yesterday I created a new discord account and I started verifying it. it asked for my email and that went pretty smoothly and then it asked me to verify my phone number and that's when it got complicated. I changed the country code from US to UK and put in my number but then it said 'you have an ultra rare issue' or something like that. so I kept trying again and it still wouldn't work. I tried using the app instead but it won't work.
Samsung S23, this app is crashing (freezing) a lot. I have to log back in for my pending messages to send. Trying to start a topic just doesn't work sometimes. Happens frequently
Best messaging app on the market hands down!
Couldn't do it, not free
I have used Discord for years and loved it! I have used it more than any other messenging app. But this new UI update is the worst thing they have done. I get that they're trying new things, but why get rid of the ability to toggle back to the old layout that I love? I know it was there just a couple of months ago, and now it's gone! I HATE this new UI and now I am trapped in it. WHY??!
This app is great the only problem I have is when I start texting and a new ad pops up it stops my typing or it will erase my message
Good messenger. I love the app.
When I used groupme on my iPhone, I never had problems. Heard of others having probs but I never did. I switched to android for the first time and... lemme tell you, it's a different experience. It's quite a joke actually. I miss half the messages (says I already read them), it randomly decides that I didn't read any messages since a few months ago so if I want to open up a group to see today's messages, I have to scroll down for a couple minutes 😳. WHYYYYYYY?
Please imrove the video call quality experience
So cool and easy has been a lifesaver during the pandemic
I'm sure this is just a fluke. Never got to use it. Signed up then went to use it for the first time and my about was disabled for violating TOS. Never even used it before! I'm not going to answer 20 questions to appeal. Uninstall was only one button. But for all you others - be happy!! :)
New layout sucks, bring back the old one. Switching servers feels clunky. Searching has been made difficult to do. The app feels more awkward to navigate. Sharing between servers now needs you to go back to edit the post. Cleaner does not always equal better when you add steps for people to do things.
Fills the inbox with spam daily. It would be way better if it worked with Bluetooth for calls as a tablet only has a speaker. Also I wish it could go on my lock screen like my Gmail app does. The signature options a joke. It pastes it in the text box before you type so you end up having to delete your sig before you can type a message. All and all its a really poorly coded app. I don't think they care about how it runs or works as long as people download it so they can steal your private information and spam you to death. It's sad really because it could be a good app but the maker just wants money more then he wants to code a good solid product
I echo everyone else, in that the app used to show notifications, and now it no longer does for me. I have to randomly check the app to see if I have any messages, which is a pain, and I n often miss time sensitive messages because of this flaw.
Neat, could be better and have nice UI and options but aside from that, pretty ok.
My mic sometimes doesn't work why
Only one problem, I DONT HAVE A PHONE, HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO VERIFY MY ACC
Where's textfree with voice we want what ios has not fair ill give a better rateing wheb I c textfree with voice...
I bought 10 dollars worth of minutes 2x and its still showing i have 0 minutes!!! Ridiculous!
It's a handy app and you can't beat that for the most part it's Free. I keep getting notifications that my account has not been updated with more money.This is no accident,I only wanted it for one week the first time and y'all took 20.00 instead of 6.99.Im not happy about it at all and now I don't trust you.
An inportant call would get dropped from trying to send an image over bluetooth or opening the browser, sometimes would even just crash on its own. Looking into an alternative if it continues.
It's good , but at times rlly laggy
Well i just called a friend tryed call back half hr later says call rejected i even tryed different numbers says the same thing
awesome app appreciate it so much.
Great that I get 60mins Skype to mobile calls free with MS 365 subscription
It's fine for texting.  When calling it becomes questionable.  The other thing I don't like when calling is when you need to press a number to get to a certain department like your bank or bill update, it doesn't work.  I also wrote whether I can use this app alongside my regular carrier phone connection. I received no reply. Overall for texting it seems to work pretty good.
I wish I could add more than one picture at a time, like in an album. Sometimes my pictures don't load and post.
calls may not connect properly. The person calling me can't hear me. This
Good and discreet
love it work well ok thanks so much how many time do this app $ every month just asking i had to fix my 🌟 my kids on my phone sorry but the all 🌟 my love this app
this is not free 4.99 per month
Skype was working fine before, but now it crashes seconds within using it, rendering the app useless.
ive never used a worser app than this exremely terrible please fix it... I was using an older version of the app and it worked flawlessly upon updating it, it began to misbehave. I am unable to send or reply chats in a meeting room the send buttons literally freeze also the app sometimes freeze when scrolling in a group call and also i had to delete and download an older version
can't verify things with it
I like it but it keeps showing that I'm on and active when I only come on check my messages thats the only time which is at night so not very satisfied with the app.
I love it and it works really great
Best free secure messaging app
Absolutely love the app would have five stars more if I could if there was not a delay when you're talking to someone the few second delay makes you talk over the other person the other person try to talk over you very complicated to talk other than that greatest app ever was
I couldn't find my cell phone for 2days. I heard of this service, I downloaded the app, made my important phone call and Bam! It went thru, no problems. Thank you for this free service. My next call will be to my cell phone. Maybe I will find it, if not..I still have you. Lol
Guessing the Discord Dev Team motto is "If it ain't broke, break it" because they took a perfectly functional app and introduced a bunch of bugs that weren't there at all for years. Now the chat randomly jumps around from new messages, trying to change a server profile can either show the wrong server or it'll keep taking you off the page while you try to edit it, and images randomly don't save anymore. It's frustrating. Please fix this mess. Update: It got worse. Replies are broken.
Won't download emojis. Also won't allow me to send messages over wifi, only over 4g
It's really good but it's sad that you can't even send videos over 59 seconds 😕
I don't like being bullied into having to pay for receiving certain text message. So on top of the ads that you get paid revenue for I can't get a simple code without compromising my main number? sucks!!!!!
update as of jan 2024: app still is garbage. Every single update actively makes the app worse and harder to use. Out of everything, it's genuinely impressive how the staff at discords ability is to take something that was good and functional, and turn it into an overdesigned crapshow. The only reason i still use discord is because i havent installed a different messenger client yet.
Went from 5 to 2 stars. The new update looks bad, sooo bad. Nope nope nope. Messenger wannabe and the color and font are just so ugly.
It kinda sux.. sometimes the typing area doesn't show and u have to reload the app
Not happy with the calling it is very spotty meaning it has poor reception in most places.
Just got it so I ain't sure
It works nicely, however I would like it to be able to send to other apps, at this time I cannot find a way to do. Hopefully the update will have away to do this!
I have a Samsung j5 paying the skype number phone.. but when someone leave a message on the invoice it simply doesn't work.. in a modern Samsung phone it work perfectly because the skype app is very different.. so.. it means that developers give priority to rich people instead to everyone! ..
Ggreat game
Excellent for a WiFi connected Phone / TXT'ing app.
While on a call, my phone vibrates the entire time. The person on the other line cannot hear it, but it doesn't ever stop.
I rarely leave reviews but this latest overhaul of discord is a complete downgrade. Where to begin? Extra steps to get between private messages and public servers. Swiping to the left doesn't bring up the person list (it forces you to reply if you swiped over a message). On PC its setting statuses for me without asking me first! And then there are a slew of basic functions that are broken, or not working properly! Revert changes, or let us choose changes in the settings and options menu! PLEASE
awesome i have no sim and i am using it
used to love discord, but forcing android users into the react native app is untenable. can't update past version 126.21 until it's fixed (and no, it's still not fixed yet).
Voice channels seem to drop after a couple minutes with the screen off, and when on the DM screen sent and received messages won't show until I close and reopen the app
Ever imagined of the perfect app? Well, here it is.
AMAZING I love it because it is ezz to navigate and use I love it For 23 years
Let's go robotics team
Apart from a very short breakdown of speech, very clear and audible.
Its awesome
signal not clear
I did like Signal, but to only learn today from a random in app notif that SMS is going away is horrible. Signal should be more up front with this info. Now I'm scrambling to save data because this info is 3+ months old and there's no official removal date. That's terrible customer communication, I won't tolerate an app that doesnt respect me enough to keep me in the loop appropriately. Good luck Signal, liked the idea but I won't be forced to convert users for you. Do that with your actions.
My apps are not going
Why we cannot use video calls for a month now? What happened? Pls fixed it
ive been using discord for years and my experience has been mostly positive! however, with the most recent update i cant save changes to my profile picture or banner? i do not see a save button at all and im wondering if this is something others are experiencing or not. i do hope this gets fixed because i tend to change my profile picture often. i even re-installed the app and it will not let me save it no matter what.
This app is awsome and all except for one major thing about it when your not on your phone for a couple of days or dont use the app for a couple days it makes you have to use a different number and all the people on contacts dont know who you are when you text or call them. This app would be a lot better if it didnt make you have to get a new number all the time.
Ard to cgo fast
New version does not carry over your access permissions for the Camera and Gallery, nor it pops them up for you to set when you try posting. So if you get "failed to send message" whenever you try and post the image go to your phone's app settings and add permissions manually to access them.
Great app but one problem sometimes there is way too many ads
This awesome app
I had previously rated Signal 5 stars. It was the perfect app to replace Samsung's SMS Messages app. I could encrypted message with those that had it and text those that didn't. It was great. Now they are removing SMS support, because "people who really care about security don't use SMS." I've had to re-install Messages. What a bummer.
No notification popped up! Even after uninstall and reinstall the apps. How to resolve?
I have used this app for years and it is just starting to give me problems with these updates and ads. I understand that bills need to be paid, and to keep it free for all to enjoy. But the ads don't have to be so in your face, taking up the whole screen at times, I'm trying to type to someone. I know Walmart exists,I know stores/websites exists, the tiny banner was good enough, I don't need the commericials too.The ads are the biggest culprit to the freezing of this app on my particular phone.
I don't like that only 30 days without use your number gets re assigned
Good sound quality
New update is so backwards and bad. How did they not save a back up of their old version to just revert it?
It's functional at times, but absolutely frustrating otherwise. I can no longer send gifs from my gallery as of date. This, and at one point, I was completely unable to see gifs or reactions (there would just be words like 'sad' or 'heart' beneath photos, and if I wanted to send a reaction of my own, I would have to guess where the Emojis were, as not even the words were visible). It's not a perfect app, clearly, but seeing as I can call and text, it serves its main function.
very very very bad
I liked this app until it stopped working. My husband isn't receiving any of the texts I sent him and I'm not receiving any of his. Pls fix it!!
Can not log in to the App
its cool but it had a erra something
shamoney
For the last few days I failed to sign in on both mobile pc
Automatic account logout
I can't recover the number that I paid for I've tried logging out and logging in from another device because I no longer have access to the phone that I paid for the number for a year I guess and I can log into that phone number from my new phone how can I accomplish transferring the number to my new device. I cancelled my subscription. Sorry 😒
It's a great app but I was signed out. Nothing that I do is working.
This app is amazing! I also have the app version on my laptop, and there are no ads!
Really good app but I would recommend less ads
Excellent thanks though having problem sending messages to my contacts right now. Don't know why. Would be grateful for any help.
Useless! I cannot use the number on Whatsapp
love the app
Issue faced with Australian number registered on Skype. None of my clients are able to contact me on this.
There should be sttared messages option.
Have to upgrade to get verification texts.
Hi absolute garbage. Pick a number, text someone. It tells you the number is deactivated, please pick another. Pick another numbet, same issue. OVER and over and over. Skip it
Delayed at times and don't send all your messages but it was very mostly reliable with a wifi signal. It's helpful and was all I had for a min so I appreciate the app and it's developers.
Settings make the divice misbehave. Security...Nill
We use this app for work and I love it
Awful. I can't establish any meaningful experiences from people who only want me to give them money. Not having a serious relationship. SMH.
It's free calls and messages what more can you ask for you , a drug addicts dream
cann0t make calls
After some years of using this service. I paid minutes that have not been used all of them. And all of a sudden my line shows disconnected. My phone # keeps changing. And no one has gotten back to me regarding the problem. I already reported to support. And it's been a few days now and no response regarding the problem.
It started last night when my txt messages wouldn't go thru. I logged out and now it won't let me log back in. Fix this problem because I work through this and I have contacts that call and txt me thru that number. I wouldn't want to uninstall this app.
It's good
sad they got rid of SMS
The back arrows backs you back to home screen. Please bring it back
Would be a five star if it had a FaceTime feature
This is a financial data thief.
Guys, what happened, discord was fantastic, it's the only way I talk to my friends. The new update isn't just bad stylistically, it also just doesn't work. The new way to switch between DMs and channels is so low on the screen that it overlaps with the basic navigation buttons. Everytime I try to DM someone I exit the app. I know you won't change it back, but please at least fix it.
This app just has too many ads. The app itself is pretty nice.
Shame on it. Its a very bad and worthapp in the world. It doesn't work. I have an account but it s a very awesome app and make me angry when i have a job and want to login
Very bad ... The g meet links are not opening 'unable to open link ' is being shown after update .... I had to backdate the app to do my class that is very hectic. Please fix this ... If i open them through skype the installation page is being shown .... Please fix ....
The new update is terrible, please revert, at least on mobile, it is less practical then before. The new graphics are fine but thr way you access things are annoying compared to before.
Finally updated to newer version after using older APK, working well so far
The new UI doesn't fit on my Pixel 8 pro screen properly. The top and bottom buttons are outside of the tappable area on my screen. Settings button is under the icon for battery percentage. Can't change anything without the ability to press those buttons.
I am trying to login to my account from a different device, but won't let me.
Would rate 0 stars just for the new layout change and the fact that we cant go back to the original. It's clunky, takes more inputs to get where I want, and is overall completely unnecessary. Bring back the old UI
You should add features where we can send music and ringtones from our phones to friends then ill five star it and fix the calling as well people can't hear me most the time.
it is nice
New changes to the mobile app are terrible. While I think the new ui is fine, the new updates made the mobile app nearly unusable to me. I'm no longer getting notifications on time, and it has a delay in showing my posts which has caused me to make double posts, and on.
Seems to work fine
I use this app very frequently. It's saying my number has been inactive. What's going on?
Love love love this app! I use it for many different groups - family, work, neighbors, church. Highly recommend it.
Works most of the time but does have its problems
Good app for talking
update didn't fix this problem either.
This is text message on steroids. It has a lot of features you can't get on other message apps. Some of the features are being able edit a message you already sent. Being able to send a voice message. Another option is being able to highlight words on your message by making the words bold, Italic, or strike through. All that plus superior security. The only weak point is that not many people use this app.
Can no longer send SMS and you can only choose one default message app on your phone. So, it's really frustrating. Bye signal.
Shockingly slow. Skype used to be ok. Now it is too slow to use.
How come you have to be in the u.s. just to send a picture
Good when everything
Skype is getting worst after every update, to slow to load all contacts, messages.
Nice that it's free, has few bugs tho. If I get calls it never rings just says missed call, or ppl suddenly cant hear me on a call. While texting my texts don't always send, ill think they did, than see later they are still trying to send.. which has caused some issues with communication. While it's nice app it isn't reliable like one would expect, and the adds ..... the friggin adds...
it's fine and the quality is weird and ya it has so many adds and why do you have to have minutes it's annoying
Best option for extra "throw away" number over wifi imo!
What a buggy mess. Stay away from Skype because it's just broken, and it keeps on being broken. Their updates fix a thing while ruining 5 others.
Have to use it for work but Jeeze fix notifications I can't change it from default to something less annoying and vibe only is a battery drain.
I found the text free app to work well. I like the freedom to choose whatever number I want from a list of available numbers. The ability to watch a short video to get minutes to use the phone instead of text only is a plus. I have found myself in spots before where I didn't have a working phone and text free allowed me to still be able to reach someone to offer aid and assistance.
Overall poor service
It's a good app just needs better minigames
Unfortunately, I have to use this because of work. It is sooo slow and exasperating, so different to the desktop app. I wish I could uninstall it.
Good for group chats. Sucks that it allows for random spam with no way of deleting spam messages.
Skype can't be used at tsblet with wifi and no data? Why in thats the case it isnt one word in description!
This app is awesome i have no issues with the app
I had problems installing it but did so over the Internet (legally don't worry) and it's extremely good for communication and hangout i can talk to friends meet people with the same interest as me and I can always know when my favourite streamers are live though their discord servers. There are also cool projects and rp's and something for every fandom. I love it
Seems these numbers are being used by spammers. When I tried to use the number to open an account the number was instantly blocked for previous spam activity. I had gotten a membership from text free that I had to cancel because the number is unusable to me. It cancels at the end of the billing period so they got a months worth of payment out of me. What a waste of money and an undeserved high rating.
Do not get this if you need to ever make or receive a call with it,even with top notch wifi it only allows you enough time to shout out a few words( I'm one,get milk,I'm dying etc...etc...)text works well
yes I like is TextNow app Think you so much
The message history SEARCH feature is almost useless. Could only search for the first word of a message. Dont see any improvement for over a year
Upgrade like a real phone
to many Pop ups, very slow
Great service very secure.
I paid then you close my accout, why?
Skype video calling is fine, the UI is tremendously bad. Very difficult to see who of your contacts is online, if you can find your contacts in the first place.
I have had a big issue with discord calls for a couple months. I mainly have discord on mobile. When ever I get on a call the audio does not connect to my earbuds. It only goes to speaker. I have tried everything. Restarted my phone, updating the phone and app, disconnected bluetooth, everything. It's very frustrating that this keeps happening, I can't talk with my friends as much as I want to anymore.
The bandwidth patrol annoys me it always disconnect me every 3 minutes i thought this inly works in a destop. Im using my phone and it still disconnects m every 3 minutes
Most of time login issue 😞d
its so annoying...for some reason on my android it keeps showing the login screen at random times....like even as i type this review, the login screen showed up and disappeared...like what the heck????
Group me is user friendly. It's convenient. It allows my entire chapter to stay in contact and communicate very easily. Kudos.
Easy access
Good app that saved me when having SIM card issues, but why in 2 days did this app rack up 8 GB in Background Data Usage?! Please Reply
Don't have one
Sometime it mess's up most of its good
Trash + Trash = Signal
incoming calls dont ring and cant set a ringtone so what's the point to have a number with them?
have Wi-Fi and my data on
Channels not loading properly and instead showing a whole different server's channel than the one you're attempting to read. New messages not loading, missing messages even. I've hopped onto my PC to find messages in a thread that aren't there when looking on my phone, posted images not displaying properly, etc. There are many and they just continue to increase, rather than get patched. EDIT: No a different WiFi (or data) connection doesn't change this issue. I'm not the only one with the bugs 2
Since the update i couldnt have send photos at all. Photos can be sent but it just isnt loading. Please fix this problem
Suggestions: 1.Video call should have an independent pop-out rather than just the bubble. 2. Auto accept call for a specific person, having this feature would be really great for long distance relationships like me and my gf always video call during the night or sleep and we sometimes accidentally end the call while asleep. (The 2nd feature should be consensual)
I've been using discord for 2 years and it is such a good app to talk to your friends and join fandom servers! And when I open the app I always have no bugs or laggy stuff it is a wonderful app! My one and only problem with it is the toxic community but I'm not gonna let That ruin me lol
The app updates too much and then it doesn't work half the time , until you fix it I will not give it a five star rate !Please fix the problems with it ,thanks!😔
Love it Very good app I get to talk with my lovely friend
When chatting it don't drop calls like other apps do.
Awesome service
Love texts but run out of minutes a lot
It works most of the time
Signal must add two more feature like whatsapp One is last seen and typing indicator in chat Which help peoples to see when their love ones are online??
Great with videos
Good for being sketchy.. 😆No way to delete entire call history or select multiple calls to delete at once, plus you have to confirm every single one .....
It is ok let me try
Been working good with the new update only problem I'm having is I clock to enlarge a picture and it goes blank to a black screen it's ok though I can still see the picture b4 clicking it
New update is full of bugs and very unresponsive.
I love this app.! Works great all the time!
Calls are dropped and they are not clear.
Signal has never let me down. Thank goodness its not part of Facebook!
Love it!
I do not hv an option to delete my messages, why?
Pls work on the app Msg are not delivered at the time when the sender send it And also make the size of the emojies small as it was there in the previous update. I hope u guys work on my queries and will fix all the bugs regarding this . Thank u
Keeps force closing..screen goes white great app please fix
On the T
I don't receive calls , it just says I missed a call
I cannot edit my Profile... All's good now
Is it possable to add amazon music in the connections that would be great!
It's very good 👍
A recent update seems to have broken this app. I cannot send messages on my phone anymore. The send button doesn't do anything. Checked it again in 2024. Still broken. Mobile app is completely unusable.
You are just like whatsapp forcing updates.
Why does everyone not get access on Bing Chat?
there's a glitch with the speaker... recently I was able to switch between speaker and headsets (with headphones in) but when I have my headphones in the speaker button just disappears and I have to end the call and call back in order to use the speaker
Not working since yesterday. I'm not able to see any message or update. I've uninstalled and installed again. But issue continues.
At least it's "free" that's why it's gets one star. To say the least it's very buggy and scratchy on both ends when you call someone. Service drops with great wifi. There's no message notifications and when people call there's no ringing. So I've literally missed important calls.You literally have to go into the app to see if anyone did. And that's after unnecessary amount of ads pop up. They want to pay for the "good stuff". But if that's all you get. I would imploy you to use a different app.
Good communication for mom's of active children
Stop changing the user interface, just when im used to the one then they
The only thing I don't like it don't show when who you communicated is active or not
This app sucks
Can't transfer the account to the new iPhone as it's stuck with connecting page...
It's easy to use.
Easy useful app
It keeps deleting my account and saying I violated the terms in the agreement but I haven't violated anything ! I submitted an appeal and haven't heard anything back ! Every time I make a new account with a different email it says the samething ! Why is this happening ??
Please discord fix your notifications because sometimes I'm not even getting it.
can't understand, always send s msg they need feedback. Why??
The new layout was labelled as an improvement, yet it only brought us more trouble. Instead of trying to reinvent the wheel for the umpteenth time, I would rather have actual user feedback implemented, such as making the video call button and the like less easy to missclick, fixing that annoying layout bug where images are not displayed correctly and preventing video audio from turning into static. This is not an improvement. I want an app I use because I like it, not because I have to.
Cool eh
super laggy, buggy and slow 😡👎
The removed the ability to send messages to peoe who dont have signal. This defeats the whole purpose of having this as my main messaging app. Just deleted it. Sad to watch this app die.
Sometimes gets stuck loading indefinitely, but overall a good app
really cool,not offline so...they should fix that
The app keeps lagging and getting glitchy. because you guys are putting up so many commercials and ads while you're trying to send a message or make a call. I paid for minutes on the app, it does not work well.
Can't send text. Made a call and had to listen to a 60 sec commercial with lots of static once it finally connected. In response to their reply, I was trying to use this till I got a phone, because of not being able to use this app I had to purchase a extra phone and no longer intend to use it but thanks for the reply
Unic
Good services without disturbing.
I am using skype for long time but thos time after changing my smartphone to oneplus 9r. I cannot hear sound while playing the audio or video files shared with me. Can you help please?
Great way to be in contact
In of
This app is always on time Download now.
I am done donating to Signal... You just rug pulled your users by disabling texting. Not cool. You could have at least released an alternative products prior to rug pulling everyone... Been with you for a long time, since the days of text Secure....
I just got the update! It's terrible! Biggest gripes: 1) Swipe to reply replaces functionality to swipe left to see members of the server. I've never used swipe to reply in any app and I never will. 2) Servers and DMs separated from each other on completely different screens for seemingly no reason at all. Number of taps & swipes to get to a DM is unchanged. Just inconvenient for those who got used to the old app or the PC layout. I'll probably install an old version while I can.
Great app overall. The default notifications can be a lot of you are on a busy server, but this can be fixed by adjusting one's settings.
Very nice and cool
I have noticed in the last few days I haven't been able to find my yellow emojis. It's now blank where they used to be. What happened? I want them back!!!
new updates ruined everything, i cant figure out where things go and why everything looks so soft. swiping right used to show who was online but now it just forces you to reply, might switch to Instagram for texting
Dad got taken off of my phone due to a virus and I'm trying to get it back but downloading isn't responding for me.
breaks down too often
your face blaring. Otherwise it's a good app.
Can't send pictures sometimes, just keeps waiting then errors. The progress bar keeps moving until force close app. Web interface needs responsive design. Search function inadequate.
Notifications from this app are late or missing since Android Pie
The new discord update is absolutely miserable. The only reason I gave 2 stars is because visually it's a step up from before. But I've experienced issues that completely ruins the app for me. I can't hear anything in calls, it doesnt show anyone talking in calls however I can hear soundboards just fine. I also have issues with my messages not sending despite them clearly showing the message has sent.
I like the app . it's really good . but some times you don't get your notifications.
No issues so far.
Do not install or Doesn't get installed. I gave my number for OTP log in for the past 2 days and still i have not got the OTP message at all. Checked in spam folder but couldn't see one, then tried calling option for OTP and that too doesn't work. Hence i wouldn't recommend this app at all any one who is trying to install.
GroupMe has been degressing. Messages don't load or send notifications and makes it hard to communicate. Fix this
I like how it is. It is better!! Thank you!!
It was getting struck
IT is little hard but good
Great app my school uses and very happy
Plzzz fix this skyvpn trial discord not working for skyvpn trial
Bookmark. It
Notification stopped working. Missing important communication. Please fix this!
I actually find this app to be more useful 6
I cant sign up an account please fix that out
Update: I t's good. They added timed messages but removed sms as a service. I liked the idea however i had too many occasions where the SMS would sit in limbo until you open up the app. So if you don't open it daily, you'll miss some messages. It didn't work but it was a great idea. Kept at 3 stars as a new bug appears when setting up transfer of signal accounts. When you set up on PC it's fine and syncs all messages, on a new Android the process doesn't backup from sync. Tested 3 times.
THE NEW UPDATE IS HORRIBLE!!!
Removed due to dropping SMS support.
new UI is absolute garbage. what have you done...
I get to call my daughter who lives in Florida and the quality is excellent. Text Free help me to stay in touch with family. Thank you for the free service.
Beware there is a person or persons using this app to scam people from indeed and other job search sites. Posing as a woman named "Dorothy Murray" hiring manager. It is a total scam so beaware when directed to download "Singnal" to communicate about a hopefull job position that you may have applied for on one of these websites.
the app keeps crashing everytime I try to open it
It's good for group texts, but I don't get notifications and my friends got mad.
Terrible service, half the calls don't come through and the call quality is sub par
One of the best chat services but is broken on mobile. I wanted to give the change of app design a chance but it just sucks, it is ridden with bugs half the time and it looks like nothing has been done to fix it. This is during when other needless changes are being made like with usernames (I didn't care but it just shows the priorities of the team). It is just ridiculous and everyone I've talked to about it has agreed. Examples of menus just breaking or chats cut in half. Please fix this.
Good 2nd line on wifi. I like how the messages come in even if I wasn't around wifi when it was sent
Breaking up a lot, low quality of view...
Does what it's designed for- A simple, easy-to-use messaging over internet. Please let it remain like this forever. We do not want anything more here. WhatsApp has become a nuisance. Don't be like WhatsApp.🙏
glitches a lot
Brian app
Not sure why they decided to ruin every emoticon. Standard has a really good set but they dulled them down, and keyboard shortcut smileys now only appear as text. I'll never understand why devs are compelled to ruin great apps. Anyhow, works great.
Lots of bad things
Update ruined the app.
The new update has made the mobile experiance incredibly annoying. Here's to hoping another update is in the near future
Most illegible voice calls ive ever had
Since the latest update I get all my calls/texts late and a lot of the times I receive the miss call notification but my phone won't ring. By the time I get the texts/calls its hrs later. Please fix this! I also re-downloaded the app and restarted my phone and it still messes up.
Saved my but to deal with Doctors and such can't afford a plan
The space is awesome but make the mobile interface easier to use.
Ever since the update it forcloses on me a lot. It doesn't notify me when I get a text message and sometimes it doesn't even let me in ! I have uninstalled and installed again this all 10 times now. Please bring the old version back !
The new overlay is fine, I guess. Please differentiate between private calls and calls in group chats. When I think someone's calling me, they're actually calling a group. Thank you.
freezes but I love the app
hard to understand
This is a solid message app. Way better than using group texts.
Why my signal app doesn't work
Signal is dropping SMS messaging which means everyone I convinced to use Signal will have to drop it and will say "see all this privacy stuff isn't worth it". All that work convincing them undone. Absolutely tone deaf move by Signal.
Doesn't let me add some people to groups. Has lots of glitches
Still learning the app
if you spam me asking for a review then you're going to get a bad review every time
Update: Originally a 4, now my rating is 1. Without SMS support, there's no unique value in using Signal.
Great for communicating with various work teams.
Best privacy friendly messaging app I've ever used
The app is broken
Easy to use, quick and reliable!
This app used to allow me to put a wallpaper on my ios but it doesn't let me on my Android :( please add wallpapers thank you
Good but new ui is awful.
It worked at first but I (& some of my friends) sometimes dont get notified about new messages
Frequently fails to give notifications. Offers nothing new.
02-07-21 I did not rate it a 5 because I would like the ability to schedule texts to send in the future. 09-10-23 The app continues to be fine though scheduling capability for sending texts was not added. However, I am disappointed with the fact that Signal has crippled the PC program. I continue to run Windows 7 on my PC: thousands of dollars of Windows 7 programs would need replacing in a Windows upgrade. ALL other Windows programs just stopped new support. Signal disabled their program. Why?
This App is not opening
Hey it works for only having wifi right now.
I think that it's great that they have a service that you can use that's free but what I don't like is that my calls get dropped a lot if there's any way they can fix this matter that would be awesome
Good i love the app It's so fast and Cool
I don't get notification for half my messages and non of the notification are loud enough. I think you should also add quick reply option!
This app gets you internet calling and texting through wifi without cell service but it's nearly unusable and test a nerve with the ads that pop up. I usually don't know if I got to hang up my call and a 30 sec ad will pop up preventing me from hanging up. Or during text I send one then ad pops up for a minute. If other options are available maybe try them first. Textnow needs to be more affordable with less ads even if someone is on the free version. They use to be a little better, not now.
If you have wifi, you have a free phone!
great app
Account blocked problem 😢
cant get pass the sign up where you pick an area code every area code that is given does not work....
Signal, get it together. Dropping sms support is the dumbest decision you can make. People will absolutely stop using this because of your very poorly thought out decision. IPhone users aren't going to ditch Imessage. I was happy that a few of my friends had signal. I could talk securely with them. But they aren't going to keep two texting apps. Neither will I. Change your sms decision or f off.
Trouble getting texts and receiving phone calls. Used to be fairly reliable but it's not at anymore.
Needs an option to delete just videos or photos like in WhatsApp so you can clear up space.
It's a great communication tool.
It's gotten a lot better in recent months. It still does a poor job of reflecting the presence of the other person. It will often say that the other person was last seen hours or days ago even when the person is typing something to you in the chat window.
You guys need to fix this the calls roo short
Its ok but I wish you could make it where you can text and call offline
Awesome. People I haven't talk to in many years. Thanks!
I've really enjoyed using this app for awhile but it seems to have some issues as of late. My messages take forever to go through or receive, if at all. Incoming calls don't pop up for me until the 5th or 6th ring on the other end...if at all. Video calls never work. I get taken to the page that should work then and inescapable pop up tries to make me login with credentials I don't have. I don't get it. What happened to this previously stable and dependable app?
Its a nice App Altough when i tried to enter my phone Number it says another discord account is using it which is so annoying I don't have any other accounts
Is unsafe, to me anyway. I was hacked when I aquired this app.
Underrated...
I can't hear incoming calls. Other than that it's smooth sailing
Things break every other week or so and this has been the case for months. For instance a few weeks ago I had a problem where non text channels would disappear and reappear if I reinstall. Now with the latest update all my messages go to the same channel no matter where I am. Avatars disappear and reappear randomly. All functionality on the web version is still intact, so it's really just the app misbehaving. Kindly do some more testing before releasing new versions.
I can't verify my number
Its a great app when it works but god forbid it doesn't and you go through all the hoops trying to get and answer i wanted to find out if im texting someone that doesn't have textfree or my textfree # saved will it be an anonymous text and also why when i reinstall the app and open it i have unread texts that disappear before i can open it and i have no blocked #s and no way of retrieving them.At this point just hope the text wasnt important! Was 3* changed to 1* for lack of response sorry!!
Overall this app is good, however recently I and other people were having a problem with posting either a video or a meme and it just didn't allow us to post them, said that the files are too big. The video has 1.9 mb. How? Second problem is the image and video compression. It doesn't work, I think it just increases the file size than lowering it. It would be good if you could turn it off in the settings.
Just downloaded today so far so good! Thanks TextNow
U to JK
very consistent
Even though I have notifications on (and active on my phone) I don't receive notifications when I have a new chat message.
New u.i. is bad.optimizing on Samsung foldable is horrible.everything is paywalled. frankly, there is no reason to use this app
used to be a solid 4 stars for me, however this newest update is incredibly annoying and unneccesarily complicating. I did not need to have my private messages and servers on different screens, in fact this makes it less organised and clear than it used to be. I did not need to swipe to reply to messages, it was useful to see who was online on the same screen, this did not need removing. The hue of dark mode did not need changing, it feels weird on my eyes now. I could go on.
Not possible to make video calls on desktop. Only debian-based linux package on official site. Forced to use contacts to add names to chats.
Ugh, the new design or update made the app way too buggy to really use. The app lags badly when trying to switch convo or servers. Every once in a blue moon, when select the channel, I go into the previous channel I was in and not the channel I selected. The channel name change but the chat isn't. I'm just disappointed in this new update.
I personally think that it is one of the best social apps. Although it is good it needs some more improvements. Besides that it is a pretty good app. The nitro is not really needed though
Sucks when change phone numbers and loose everything.
My one promblem is that it expires
Don't like that you have to select each picture separately when you want to send them.. Makes the whole thing so much harder.
Can't find no one they can't find me it fn mess
I wish you could text and call with no wifi
I've been using this app for several years and never had any issues to complain about! I recommend it to everyone I know.
Good but super slow
Easy to use...
It's good for playing with friends I love it
It deserves five star if it has screen share with audio in Mobile version. BTW it's working really nice.
Search doesn't always work with the same search term. Issues with loading messages after scrolling up.
Never is able to have a clear call and cant ever make it through a call without it dropping the call this app sucks dick
Please make a dark mode🙏
Latest update literally breaks all swipe gestures for me on my Sony phone. Discord really seems to be going backwards lately. "Hard at work to make discord better" and yet my experience seems to deteriorate. I hope at least this can be fixed soon rather than taking a few years just like how it took you guys a few years to finally adapt light or dark mode to phone system settings. My review keeps coming closer to a 1 star with all this nonsense lately
Very good phone app...can do without the notifications when texting
Unable to login to app even after uninstalling and reinstalling it.. After i enter my phone number it doesnt send the opt and doesn't go to the next step.. I have tried a bunch of times.. I was able to login last year when i first installed it but after i reset my phone i no longer able to login to the app while the other apps works just fine. Can someone help?
I was looking for a replacement for whatsapp and for while this was good but for awhile now it hasn't been as good. At first I was excited to meld it with my regular messaging app but then after working fine for awhile, it started acting up. When I replied to group messages they were showing up in other people's phones as a thread of just me. So I unmelded them. Now I only get notifications IF I open the app. Not everyone getsy messages and my moms aren't coming In to me. Updating doesn't help.
I love that app
Lately, whenever I've opened the app, it fails to load the newest messages, and it also shows a red message saying "failed to send message" when no message was sent to begin with. Message
TextNow is better The ads make the app laggy and they change so often your fighting the ads just to use the app. 10$ a month to just use the app without intrusive ads is a major scam. I can not use this app on my device
My number was changed without me knowing I had that number for over a year.
Crashing alot
It's been great to use to talk to friends when out or playing games
Having issue with it sending messages to other apps like Verizon messenger? Any assistance?
Can't revieve msg plz fix
You have to earn minutes to call !!!
I LOVE IT FIRST TIME USING IT THANK YOU
Wasn't able to make calls when I was in an important situation.
It's been absolutely wonderful
These ads that pop up is so dam annoying...like why!!
I love it...
It doesnt let me call out and if i go to cheak anything on my phone while on call it randomly ends the call
The new user interface makes me want to commit toaster bath, please revert it, it was perfectly fine beforehand
i can't even start discord on mobile it just crashes the second i open it
It starts slow and the proximity sensor doesn't work for incoming calls, but I like the design
App crashes constantly. No audio notifications
Love this app. Because it let's me share with others in my group.
I really loved this app, everything was in one app, but unfortunately they are removing SMS support, time to find a new secure messaging app with SMS support.
Silently downscales sent images to much worse resolution/quality. It's a show stopper. I don't want a chat program to take decisions on how to alter my private communications, it's unacceptable. There is no technical excuse for it either, it's not year 1998, gigabit Internet is normal. Other than that, it's good program although sending a photo from Android camera remains somewhat cumbersome compared to e.g. Samsung or Google Messages.
She atI cc OH*up k foul र् मगोल या
"The new update for phone's suck" is what I've been hearing and I must agree everything is way to complicated now and everything is switched up so now when I go to swipe for servers ít doesn't work it's very annoying and tedious same with my friends list I wanna see if there online or off now it says NOTHING only the pfp and it's super annoying fix your app discord.
Great phone Addition
Its ridiculous. Texting isnt free on wifi if I cant receive simple texts with verification codes, without upgrading. You should say this in the 'about app' so people know before downloading.
is just me but whenever i try to send a photo to someone direct messages it wont let me send the photo i want to show them and it would basically pop up as "message failed to send" im so confused is this a bug, i tried to restart the app multiple times already???
Nice but sometimes it has some glitches and suddenly the call is cuts ..
The new update won't let me send images from other sources. On top of that if anyone sends me images they automatically download into my gallery. I do not like this update. FIX IT.
It's slow even when I clear my device
The UI needs a revert to the original
Can y'all like, stop having an identity crisis with the layout of this thing 12/6/23 - AGAIN stop having the identity crisis, there was nothing wrong with the old layout.
All of my chats have disappeared for the last week. It doesn't matter how many times I log in and out, or delete and reinstall app. I can only see my messages when I log into a computer. I'm not sure what is happening with the app, it was working for the last three years but just stopped.
Been good but is it truly encrypted? I've heard stories. Please stay on the good side of history.
This app sucks ass....
I love 💕 it. Works for me.
Great 👍
Shrex
Group me is a great app that allows you to put people together for any occasion !
I LOVE this app but I am so frustrated you are no longer going to be supporting all SMS. I want to continue to have one messaging app, not several.
So if you don't pay $5/month, it sucks, the ads take up to much of the screen. I do pay the monthly fee and it's great, I have an auto reply to texts and calling (different ones) that happen once every 24 hours, you can have 4 different messages saved up so if you need a vaycay message or an at school message or a driving message, it all works. I do wish you could pin certain conversations to the top, but all in all it's pretty great
They easily block some one account
Janky but works alright
used to work great everywhere. Now in order to try to stop scammers from using their service they turned their service into a lesser and shittier version of it. Doesn't work on emutors, doens't work privacy first browsers. Only works proper tested phones. And apparently now you've to pay to receive verification codes and it's full of ads. Greedy greedy greddy
Fix your broken vc videos I can't watch them for a minute without them freezing and me needing to close the stream to fix it, it has a glitch where it will think I'm on PC when I'm on mobile, upload circles staying even when you weren't the one to post the image, and microphones just turning off at random, basically what I'm saying is that Yall screwed somin up, real bad.
Its cool better than messenger
Give rules after the number is assigned, then before a week is up,says the number has been reassigned, this process repeated twice
Ran the latest update, now it doesn't recognize my password. Clicked password reset, it said a reset email sent out, never received any email, nothing in Spam folder either. App not functional at all.
good app for secure messaging system.
Reception keeps going in and out.
I was putting pictures on my section for Discord and seeing my beautiful pictures. Next thing I know, the stupid gross emoji show up on it. When I click on it, I can see it but not from normal view like my other pictures. The others i love to see are covered up by that gross emoji from it view. I don't know what's going on?! But please fix this mess up!!! Thank you very much!!!😡😡😡😡😡
It's my new favorite secure messaging app!
Wouldve rated this a 5 star but i loged in and everything but the same numbers keeps calling me and i even blocked it and that didnt work and i made sure it was blocked to.This was just getting annyiong so i had to delete and now there are know more scams calling me thank god.
I love it but no one I know is willing to switch.
Grear community for sharing and learninh
Not something you tell anyone to use they changes my number twice cause their stupid and denied me the ablilty to set up a new account. They said they would contact me back. No call back and calls constantly dropping and alot of spam caling
I absolutely love text now. Its the greatest app ive encountered. Gives you exactly what it said no more and no less. The prices for their services ive found no cheapee and the best part is you usually get what you pay for but this app gives you what it promises for less or did i already say thet several times...lol
Really dissapointed Worked great for a long time then i guess it did an update and now i can't get my old number back...waste but did work great when i was able to use it
Very usable for my work.
I haven't been able to use my Skype in well over 2 month's. Everyt time I try to open it tells me Skype isn't responding. I've uninstalled and reinstalled to no avail...... any help out there???
its great
I would like access now pleased
I don't work it keeps freezing up and messing up every time you open it up
never been able to make a phone call even when I bought minutes but good for texting. will get 5 stars when you fix the phone call issue
Great app but one thing though, even when my network is working really well the app lags alot I don't know why. It shows the 'connecting' thingy on top when my net is great. I've tried to reinstall it and stuff but never works. Overall it's a great app :D
Bro why am I stuck in a forever loading screen? And when I try to uninstall it and reinstall it it doesn't let me log in and I'm just met with a white screen, please fix that
Works as described. Lots of friends already on it.
Sad, the only problem I used to have was Discord refusing to stay on Bluetooth if I opened software that had access to the call interface. Now the chat bar take a minute to pop up over the keyboard, or a minute for the DM chat list to load, or a minute for the server list to load. I would much prefer the old interface because it was faster and easier to navigate.
Very pleasant experience
Does not work well for androids all of a sudden.
This new upgrade sucks!! None of my texts will send!! It worked before, but now it doesnt
I couldn't login
The new update is very bad. None are liking. Kindly look and fix asap. Theare are several issues in new updates.
Always bin fine when have wifi
How are you even suppose to get the free 60 mins because of the holiday? I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app and nothing seems to be working!
I've had discord for about 7 years now (On desktop and phone). I've only ever had issues with video calling on mobile but I hardly ever use video calling so that's fine. Overall pretty good
To much interrupted calls
I put in my email it didn't work then I put my phone number it didn't work it said it sender me a verification code and it did not
Verry nice
Ugly audio, good network resilience, I can edit older messages for some short time thus I can both edit typos and trust the message history. The sad part is that users are leaving Skype while Facebook/Zoom owned services are in favor. But virtual background would be useful...
Text is fine. However notifications rarely if ever,show up. I have to open the app to receive notifications. Calling is terrible. Delay, echo, static, muted, everything you could possibly have wrong with making and receiving calls. Not to men ton when called, phone only rings for incoming 25% of the time (and that's being generous) and the kicker, if you have this app obviously you can't afford to put $ into this, tapjoy offers minutes for spiffs, but doesn't reciprocate. App needs tons of work.
Cannot communicate with a real agent no matter what you do
I can keep in touch with family.
Its hard to get in stuff
Most of the time its hanging specialy when the call comes😒 i use it because i attend my online class on this. in this all stickers are live
Works great for keeping in touch with family and groups!
Come on. It's Signal 🤷🏿‍♂️
it is a good way to.keep in touch with a big group of people!!
Will I still receive Messages ? They seemed to be sending out but idk if sending in
Absolutely horrific, doesnt notify you of text messages and call quality its just awful
They disabled my account for no reason when I barely started using the account they can't even say what I did but I can't get it back.cant even create another account either what a waste
Best app every by far to have fun and talk to your friends and to be very productive
Last update is trash please bring back the old UI
Too much mega bites eating my cell
I love discord, until the update ruined everything, and now for some reason when I make calls there's a second small screen that won't go away and it's so annoying. Just change it back please it was perfect
I don't get notification when a new message comes in
This site is awesome
Oof
The app is crashing and it doesn't start, I have to restart my phone everytime. I use inbuilt app lock feature in the app.
Great app and better security/privacy than others.
It was good a few years ago but now it's a buggy mess.
DISCORD, IM HOWLING IN THE MOON
No longer receiving messages from people that aren't in signal. Like the 6th time this has happened in the last year... Really love the security but probably gonna move to another app at this point Some people with iPhones haven't been receiving my texts for over a month now
discord is the best app ever.
I can really talk to other people
I want to replace Whatsapp. Skype is nice app. But unlike whatsapp, it also reduces image quality at other end, but doesn't matter, image can be send by FILE option. I like gif emojis in it. Please add status/story option and message deleting option like delete, delete for all. I'm waiting improved version of SKYPE.......
Great game
GroupMe helps me to stay in contact with my "folks" in GA.
Scammers found me there
I can't get notification and Skype didn't working on background data from last update pls check and update this Model : realme X2 pro Android : 11
latest updates is full of bugs in mobile and not optimized and laggy
Love the app. The previous issues with blend are corrected. However, now the generated images do not load correctly as before. Often times the images do not load until hours later. Reopening, force closing the app, and phone restart does not fix this issue. UPDATE: 11/30/23 Generated images load faster, but not always consistently. Restarting app often works. UPDATE:: 12/7/23 Images now load as they should. Now would like to able to add 5 images to blend from the clipboard instead of folders.
I loved this app, but now it's ending support for sms. I tried to get all my friends to use signal but can't make them. I really liked only having one app for messaging, plus a bunch of addition features signal offers, but if I need to use different apps to message some people it seems kind of hectic or confusing. I would've rated five stars yesterday before I saw that notice about no more sms. 😔
Since updating to Android 14, it takes several minutes for signal to reconnect to the backend. Until it does you can access existing chats or access contacts for sending new messages.
Should add the feature that makes it easier to switch between accounts like on PC
If you guys promise to stop asking I'll rate you 5
You're getting a telephone line for free, why not take it? No brainer!
When I reset my phone and reinstalled the app, I lost my number and free minutes, frustrating
it's fine but could be better
It's a good app but it's not support a lot of countries ,
Don't understand how this manages to be worse with every update. You can't even go from another tab back to discord or chat won't refresh and your pics or video won't send. The latest layout is also just a downgrade from the perfectly fine one before (who tf wants to swipe to reply this isn't IG)
I can't open posts on Forum Channels. When I trying to do that, Discord automatically closes and I can't go to Discord back, It keeps closing. I have to clear the data and re-login.
This app is OK but there's one problem I had to factory reset My tablet! But it made my WiFi so bad I hope it's better and fixed
The first call you answer is normally on mute where you can't even unmute it then you gotta drop the call and call back again to be heard, notifications newer show up and as mentioned below all of this on a Flagship phone. Please do NOT use this for business as you will really miss crucial notification and calls even while you are on the Ringing or Loud mode.
To much bad 😞 I can't open my account
What I thought was an App issue because of the Beta turned out to be a general issue for me. Been having the same bugs for around 6mo now, but it keeps getting worse. I can see a few channels in a server, the rest only shows when I scroll, pix/vids/link previews are in a big format so I cant see everything, drop down when clicking on a post dont work, menu shows 0 server. I need to close the tab and reopen the app for it to work properly-but rn thats the case every single time I open the app.
To bad that it only supports one time zone?
Awesome service, fast and reliable
Simply terrible after I bought 100 minutes they ran out today I looked in the additional offers to earn more and I signed up and installed Twitter for 100 minutes and never received them
Not receiving or sending messages
I love this its really good but it doesn't work without Wifi thats bad what if u get kidnapped and cant anybody
Poor user support
Their recent update has made the app pretty much unusable
Madison university of the new York and then you can I am going to be quite now
Generally excellent. Occasionally glitches do not stop it from being very high value, especially for calls to family or call centers.
Its pretty good but people spam alot
Getting worse everytime updated
Unnecessary changes in last update that made it worse to use?
Can call with friends and playing game together🥰
New UI is terrible, what took 1 or 2 clicks now takes 4 or more to do. Its clunky, not intuitive and difficult to manoeuvre through to find what I need. Thought calls were bad before? Now the buttons overlay so I can't press them when in a call. Worst thing? I have been forced to do this and I have had the option to swap it back to familarity taken away. Discord devs obviously hate their ND fanbase, i'd say hand in your notices but you're better off burning them after vomiting this out.
Skype is great specially when you live alone
good way to stay in touch
The calling sucks
I have had smooth pieceful meaningful conversations with a lovely woman who I am about to meet for the first time in three days . I'm giddy, happy, and nervous just like a kid again.. Thanks you guys keep up the amazing job, I will prays this app to everyone I can when it in relevance can be put in a conversation I WILL Your greatful friend Horace W Jordan jr
The new UI is the worst thing they have released to date, it's a complete 180 from the previous iterations and one of the least intuitive designs I've used
It's good but not the perfect for conference.
3 stars so far haven't had a chance to test out app but the fact you need minutes made me choose 3 stars
Has trouble refreshing messages and profile changes
Great app!!!
This app was more annoying than anything I would rather just use regular
It's a great app to get when times get rough.thanks TN
"""App gave my phone a virus!"""" Pinger is lying to protect their financial profits. They make money by you buying talk time. Texting is free. This app puts your phone at risk. I accidentally clicked on one of the many annoying ads they place below the text box and a virus message popped up freezing my phone. Trashy app. They have ads with viruses!
omg this is a good app and all but today it just wont let me sign back into my account i tried making an new account and it still wont do anything. is the app down or something? plz fix i dont mean to be rude
thieves use these lines.
Unusable. Keeps crashing and no SMS support anyway.
Hate the new update. Change it back. Also for some reason when i get out of the app i cnanot talk in call on mobile. I can hear everyone, i am still in call, but it simply doesnt pick up my voice. I tried everything, settings on phone, settings in the app, restarting, trying over and over again. I dont know what is wrong.
Constant terrible updates that only make using the app worse, unless you like jumping through hoops to send your friend a funny cat picture
too many scammers
It's slow and heavy, GIFS are practically unusable even on a recent phone
I like the idea of this app, but for some reason when i receive phone calls my phone does not ring instead it only shows up saying that i have missed a call. This is very upsetting and i would love for it to be fixed asap or know what i am doing wrong :(
Thought it was a good idea to get a TextNow SIM card to help with phone service for backup when I needed it but phone calls connect maybe 2 minutes and it loses signal no matter where I'm at what I'm doing full bars and when it does reconnect I can hear whoever I'm on the phone with but they can't hear me at all or it sounds like a robot so this really sucks cuz if I have an emergency you need to call somebody I can't
Thanks for answering, although it also includes DMs not just @mentions from each server I'm in. I'm just weirded out to not get notified but when I open my discord there are a few notifs. I'm just wondering why sometimes DMs have no notification when opening the app seems to receive the message. Again, it only happens rarely not always.
Had to uninstall and reinstall app for contacts in the group to update so that i can tag them
Works better when using sms. Using the app makes my phn act like it has a virus! So I set up the txt sms
I wish all of my chats would load. But one will send all messages through, one won't update at all. I have uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times.
It's great, my preferred messaging app. I just wish more of my friends would use it.
Don't always get notifications.
Works great, and it's private.
Awesome but.. I always seem to log out because I get this error. Please fix it. It would've been a great app. Samsung captivate.
Its horrible the calls don't work the fact that u have to have minutes to
I am saving myself a lot of money using this app regardless of it only being accessible by Internet it's save me around $60 a month and it's very easy to use I don't ever drop my calls I don't ever lose connection to the person for even a second.
Yesum is the only way to learn the basics 💯 👌 is the answer ggreat wwwindows seat capindat Elizabeth xx aint dat swell forecast between hours after bed or night cap even a night capops
every update as of late has made this app worse and worse. the ui is not just redesigned, its clunkier. its slower. it lags. now theyre making it harder to send images and files. messages dont show as read properly. its very hard to tell when you get a ping in a server instead of dms. its absurd what theyve done to ruin this app more and more every update. the pc version is the only viable option at this point.
Mobile app its taking too much time while i send a message. After sent its loading long time. 😔
I NEED MY ACCOUNT BACK, I UNADDED IT THEN ADDED IT. I TRIED TO. LOG IN AND IT DIDN'T WORK??? IT SAID IT DIDN'T "Exist" WHAT DID I DO WRONG DISCORD?
Worked fine until the latest update, now it's incredibly slow and laggy with tons of crashes. Additionally, notifications barely work and I'm usually never notified of receiving a message until hours and sometimes even days after it was sent.
New update is horrible. Can't use search option quickly anymore because it's extremely slow + whole app is glitchy, for example if I get notif for a message and click on it, it doesn't take me to that message. Had to download old version of the app from the internet and stop auto updates here, so app would be usable again.
They fixed the picture posting issue for Android and it seems to be working together all around.
I'm having a hard time with this app.I tried calling and I can not hear anything from me and from the other end.only this app do that why?
Been having a lot of trouble recently with video chats being very poor quality and freezing up alot.
I canceled this over a year ago and I'm still being charged!!! I didn't use it when I did have it. Please cancel!!
Ok but the other person on the phone can't really hear me even though it says HD quality!
I love the app.  I was excited about the new emojis..  but ever since the update..  I cannot view them.. and also when I post a picture..  it stays as an attachment .. and keeps posting. Please make updates..  or solutions to my issues!!
Would give five stars, if some of the frequently reoccurring ads didn't occupy way over half of my screen. Seriously?  Wish I could find an ad-blocker for this application.
Amazing because its free text with includes minutes. But the constant ads are annoying and distracting. At least have them fade out after a while. So 3/5.
Edited to three stars since someone actually responded. Sent a ticket and awaiting further response regarding the issue of automatic image compression that cannot be turned off.
It keeps logging me out.
Still cannot use 2 android phones with same account. Also ugly visuals.
Best free service but only with wifi . . .
not so great of an app, sometimes freezes and also after making a call you cant end the call the only i was able to end the call was to force close it.
New UI is doodoo but the app itself is pretty good
EE SW s set SW s
By dropping sms support they killed any and all functionality. I'm not going to keep a separate app on my phone for the 4 people who didn't delete their account. I'm concerned about the next time a promising secure messaging app comes out that people won't forget how signal did them dirty and won't want to give it a shot.
It used to be good until today's update 🤢
Calls and video chat doesn't work
the app is good, but there is a weird bug that happens randomly. whenever we log in it keeps loading and doesnt log in. you have to reinstall the app again. please fix it.
A massive step down from the old version. The new UI is slow, laggy and unresponsive when navigating through the app.
Won't work
Not receiving notifications of new messages unless I manually check it. Please fix!!!!
Nice People
Seemless and easy. We have several groups we are in and it's never been a problem. To be free I can't believe how good it is.
Ever since the update, the discord app crashes constantly. Soooo frustrating. It took time to get used to the new layout, but the crashing omg it kills me.
This is very good Skype I like too much
It was really good but then poof it just stopd
This app is good I haven't had any issues until now it sometimes keeps popping up a video I sented on there everytime I go into a msg idk if that's me but is a very good app
The app doesn't allow me to login. The credentials are valid, I can login via web.
Remove the swipe to reply thing Immediately
i think its good and all but the one thing it needs to do is update for
When will you add a feature to delete old chats? They can only be hidden...
Warning thieves and prostitution
Liked it better when it was SMS compatible
The app is ok. When I first got it it worked perfectly fine but now It doesn't just one year later! It lags and won't let me send videos! I can send pictures and messages but for some odd reason I can't send a 4 minute video! My parents won't let me use messages or anything so this is the only app I can use and it is messed up! The app takes for ever to load and to receive a message! If that get fixed this app would be amazing.
Deleted all my text histroy with no way to retrieve
It's not letting me accept friend request
I have it for work, it does what it is supposed to.
my keyboard is garbage it pushes one and it gives you a other number
Great wireless service..
issue to connect new person first time.
What use is this without sms?
It's a good app and all, but I hate the fact that I can't receive a verification code without having to upgrade. Please get rid of that.
I love it.. Because I'm only using it to text someone In Cuba. But the only issue I have is that it will work very well, and then it will tell me that my message has not been sent. If the number where I am sending is international to put a (+) following the area code & #. But I've done both and still nothing. AND then after it will work again and then stop again. Like either stop working or stop saying i need to put the (+) and area code. It doesn't work either way. So ugh. It that could get fixed. 5 star.
latest update turned discord into yet another generic messaging app with terrible ux, simply for the sake of changes...
I am not sure where to look for my account details and no signout option
Its aight
Basically annoying
CAN'T EVEN GET A NUMBER!!!
betraying mixed sms/signal userbase
Sms Dalivery slow
I'm unhappy with this app. I've had continuous problems with bugs including phone call and message notifications not coming in even when I open the app, sometimes the notifications are delayed by several hours and that's caused problems with important calls. The customer support is friendly but they've always told me to do a "clean uninstall" which hasn' fixed anything, and I've done that a few times. Another bug, my phones main speaker stops working after a phone call until I restart my phone.
Sometimes I don't get my text messages right away in a lot of calls get dropped
Lately have been getting expiring number alerts despite using it the day before. Edit: the issue was related to accidentally making a second account and getting that account's alerts on the one I'm actually using. Support resolved my issue in under an hour.
Has anyone else had the problem that when I try to go into a chat it says sorry GroupMe has restarted.
This is good app but some need changing in this app
I find it pretty great for calling and other things
Works ok but you may not receive calls when your not on wifi.
Doesn't showcase calls and messages even though I set it for my default calling and text message receiver. I have to specifically go to the app and by then it's too late.
I was an avid user from 2015/2016 to now, and i can confidently say this new update sucks. Its terrible. I cannot get used to it at all. If they were going to update, then it should've been with more options for nitro or more options for call activities and not this.
Great in theory. Works amazing if everyone has the signal app. However if people have any other app (and many do) then it is unreliable for delivery and has weird restrictions on what can be sent (photos, gifs, and video have tons of trouble)
The most worst app ever! I cannot even reply my friends messages and I always need to leave from the app and then I can reply to them.
Man, I love and use discord religiously. AND THEY FIXED IT, WOOOOOO GOOD JOB BROTHERS
I've been using this app for a while, and I've enjoyed it. However, with this new update, it's been a pain. I can't tell if my messages are sending. Sometimes, I can't switch conversations. I have to close the app to open a different conversation. Please fix these issues.
At times the application will not let me send a text. I've had to uninstall the application several times & takes several attempts in order for the application to work properly. The sound quality is not that great with an echo on both ends of a call & some times the sound will completely go out. If these issues were fixed this would be an excellent application.
Voice message never play.
It works it's just not the best.it has to many adds and it can't even let me call any one
Its really fraustrating can't access my number, pinger yoi have to do something and fast cuz its really fraustrating can't text anyone tell me i need to verify my account
I've been using signal since 2015 and it used to be good but now half of the time I don't receive messages and calls notifications. And the phone does not even ring on calls. I'm searching for an alternative app now.
This app expires the phone number after you give it out. If you are planning to use this on a regular basis as a permanent number to text from keep looking this app is not for you. They cancelled my number after I gave it out as a contact number that people could text me. Also I decided to try paying for it so I could maintain my number and now I can't login ....
Great WIFI Calling FREE app.
Why writing unable to connection 😓😓😓
Hangs on open now, with strange tabs across the bottom like "Servers" and "Notifications". Takes as long as 30 seconds to actually load and show the UI properly. Definitely a downgrade.
Not entirely sure. Just started using this.
It used to be good. Now you have to pay to receive otp texts? Why? What's the point?
I've been using Discord since the beta, and this ui makes it so much harder, not to mention all the bugs when I will type multiple and send multiple lines of the same text, and the only way to fix it is if you close and restart discord. Give us an option to revert back.
There are a lot of bugs
its a pretty good app to send text messages. making phone calls is sketchy. have to have full wifi,, and even with that, calls are not good. I have to check my phone to see if anyone has called or left messages,, Phone will not ring 90 percent of the time,, and will not notify me I have a text??? Very much a pain. It is free,that is about the only good thing about this app.
As of the current UI redesign, I would encourage not using the mobile app because it runs much much worse Tham before. The UI feels more closed behind more taps than before and things are taking like 1-4 seconds longer.
Awesome clarity, great app
Text free is an awesome alternate to 'lame stream' carriers.. I had one issue & Jess helped me fix it in minutes.. no robots, no hold.. no problem. Two huge thumbs-up.. :)
Doesn't support sms anymore. Very annoying.
See the smiles as well as hear the cheers with HD video clip asks for approximately 49 of your fam and friends!.
Nice Redesign of the UI but now notification section doesn't show mentions of anything, using it on z fold has been a bad experience
Great app! However, I dislike the fact that you only get x amount of credits in order to make calls. Other then that it's great.
I entered my number, NOW you say the number I GAVE is not the right number.Jean
I've been using the app for many years, but this new UI is completely bugged. Why not having a new interface, but next time make it STABLE before production!
The new ui is a buggy mess please let me use the old one. It had its quirks but it was not this bad.
It works for a little while but then it stops!
Literally came here to un update the new mobile interface is a NoNo please fix or take us back
I really like this app do anything I don't like is that you only get an hour of talk time by day it seems I wish that you get more for free because it says free text app that is not the only issue with it
Used to love it but It fails to load so much now it's a massive pain. I have to restart it anytime I want to see new messages.
hard for people to understand how to joints
it is overpowered now!
It works, but I won't be able to get texts from anyone not on Signal. I'm not going to asky do tor or grocery store to switch to you. FAIL.
weekend too if that doesn't sound too late I already did the doctor's office and and they have been working in My roommates are you doing today I hope you are doing well and that
It was ok for a while but it hangs up my calls after just seconds of it starting and it isnt sending me notifications when someone texts me which is making it difficult to talk
Nice but needs to have a no credit card needed trial so people can enjoy or test the trial for the first time I'm one of them
I've never really had a issues on Discord but now all the sudden when I try to talk with my friends and I table out if they can't hear me while I'm doing something else on the phone. Like it makes it very inconvenient because you have to stay tabbed on the app in order for them to hear you.
Awful update. Literally why
addresses too hard to remember. Should just be email addresses. Doesn't seem to be stable on my ChromeBook
It would be a whole lot better if you could get more minutes or watch ads to get free talk time like some apps
Gets the job done. I use it on my galaxy tab A to text the bf when he at work
My messages wont load app too many ads glitches sonetines poor soubd quilty but it beats guys having my actual number any day
I remember when you could find An app where you could call out answer and text ppl . Now all you can do 4 free is text and alot of my text aiint even texting out like they're supposed to..
It comes up slow an stalls and says its not working on lgg2
Not receiving text messages in a timely manner even when connected to Wi-Fi, if signal is not 4 bars I'm not getting messages.
Very slow keeps freezing
rate your experience for how easy to the app
i love this app sm
Discord had a good mobile app... until they started rolling out a new UI. It's incredibly unintuitive to use; why are there tabs that separate dms and servers now? Why is there no universal, server-wide search? It's also slow, with noticeable chugging when I switch between messages in a server and a dm, and dropped frames when scrolling. No other app on my phone behaves like this. Finally, the default black theme is incredibly harsh on my eyes, making it hard for me to even use it.
I received some pornographic pictures from someone I don't know. I cannot get this person off. I will be deleting the GroupMe app if I can't get this person off. Hiding her is not enough. Until this happened I would have given 5 stars. Now I don't even want to give it any stars.
i'll rate it to 4 stars because when i call my friends they don't here me but i can here them. but please fix this bug,and this app is cool tho
Very good App, works perfect with headphone(better) or without
Worked really well for over a year, but now it always says no numbers can be found and then says "Something went wrong. Please try again later" and I have to force quit
Absolutely horrible call quality and lags out constantly
I downloaded to make a call and it won't show new to call even when I have minutes to be used.
Great it's just really slow
A really good experience (sometimes lol)
Literally nobody asked for a new UI. Bring back the old one.
Very easy to use, thank you
back in 2015
Works great for calls and video calls.
CHANGED LAYOUT CHANGE IT BACK FREAKS
It's a good idea, but it is a pain in the butt to deal with. I don't know of this happens to you, but when I make a call, I can't hang up. And that's a huge problem, especially if I misclick the call button. The app can be rather slow at times and occasionally won't send messages. It's also slow to receive messages too. It would be neat if they implemented a feature to see if someone was typing or if someone had viewed a message that you sent. But the app is good if you don't feel like paying for a phone line and it also gives you a free number.
dosent even work i tried to call wouldnt work FIX THIS
It works now, thank you for fixing the issue apparently the old layout doesn't work properly anymore but another issue is the video chat and calls don't connect on mobile, it's been a problem for awhile for me.
I've only recently downloaded, so I'm still getting used to it
I just installed the App on my Android phone (Tecno camon 12 Air) buh can't sign up on it... annoying
Sometimes not good but sometimes great
To many scammers on it
Doesnt always allow you to answer when someone is calling. Almost like it freezes
Its a great app so far, like the privacy!
Having trouble logging in
Does as advertised
This is a great alternative app for calling and texting when you need a second number for a business or any reason for that matter
It's not free!
I wish I can move the little box of my picture around to different location on the screen instead of a default position on the top right. Sometimes when people talk, there are things that more important at that location that I want to see instead of my face there. I hope you would take this into consideration. Viber does let the users move it around anywhere on the screen. Please check them out.
It's a good way to connect with friends, but my phone doesn't ring when somebody sends a message
Disappointed because I've been using this app for a long time now and for a while now you can no longer receive verification codes, which kind of defeats the purpose of some of the app. It only gives people at a disadvantage even less opportunities.
If there's more theme colour it will be great otherwise good
Love that you can have a permanent second number as long as you use the number you'll always have it you can log in any phone and have access to your phone number and contacts also you can used this app with Wi-Fi meaning off you don't have a SIM card you can still use your textnow number I ove this app
New update makes me where i cant get into my account. I have to make another account. I have important text messages on there i need.
It says that you can use it for free, but if you want to use all the good stuff, you have to purchase the service and activate your phone with the account and etc. If I had the random sim cards laying around still, I would have tried to activate one, but I have no reason to pay for this service when I have a phone already even though I don't want to keep this phone because it's got a BUG PROBLEM!! I NAMED IT "JIM SHY" THE STALKER!!
I have been using Signal for several years and I would highly recommend it for any one needing a secured messenger.
Only certain numbers I can dial and call
I love using discord but rn i want to know why there is so many freaking ads. Like i can be writing a text and all of a sudden I'm hit with a ad. And sometimes when this happens with the ads, it deletes whatever i had written out. It's making me a bit aggravated because usually there is no ads at all whatsoever on discord.
Amazing app. But now it's not showing my texts I send to other people. Please fix this!! Okay I made this comment on 07/12/23 and it's still not being fixed...so I'm going down to a 1 out of 5 star review. It was a 5 out of 5. If you fix this it will go back up. Thank you and have a lovely day.
The AI is best, bit not a single option for free prompt on midjourney.
Freezes sometimes. Others in the group also mention the freezing or slugishness of the app. Had thought about moving to another app because of these issues. Other then that its at least a nice option to use. We are heavy users and maybe it just can't handle our demands on the system.
Too much spam
My discord went back to normal for a few days but then instantly changed back, I would like it if I could turn off the auto update since the new update is really bothering me. If you can fix this then thank you very much
I am cancelling my recurring donation to Signal. Seamless SMS convinced my entire family to use it. Now I have no use for signal. To remove SMS makes Signal no different from of 100s of other encrypted chat apps. I have read the blogs, I have read the technical reasons. You are correct, it will be more secure. Is it better to be absolutely secure with no users? Or less secure with tens of millions of users? Is it really better to be right and dead? Good luck, but I'm not staying to find out.
The new UI is slower and harder to navigate. Notifications are often wrong and it's harder to figure out where the notification is leading to. Switching between DMs and server messages takes significantly more taps and I have to use more of the screen to navigate. Information about who's online is now only available by tapping the top of the screen or navigating to an entirely different screen. The ability to access information about who's available has now been replaced by a swipe reply.
Can be improved but great 👍 needs work and promoting not good if you haven't got a WiFi code x
I like signal responsive and good 8 outta 10
Not now
Calls hardly ever go through and, when they do the quality is bad. It used to be a really good programme, but it has become terrible over the years
Always crashes literally only downloaded this for work and it's a mess
Keeps kicking me out of the app after a few minutes. Can y'all fix this
The membership limit in a group is too low; There are no communities, with unlimited participation; Does not show whether the message was delivered; Missing group tool to enable/disable conversation; It does not have verified accounts for personalities and companies; Any member can change the image and name of a group.
It was wonderful talking to my babies thank so much for the service
How many upadates do you guys bring, Very irritating...
i cant send pic messages.... that sucks!!!!
It's been wonderful communicating with the groups that I am affiliated with.
I can login with microsoft id vs Skype ID ?? (Use same email in setting skype but different skype id)
I always have problem with group video chats, no video from speaker !!
The app is great! One of the best for social interaction. But for some reason it keeps stopping and says discord has stopped. I have no clue what the problem is. As of now I'm reinstalling the app.
I am beyond upset with this app. Half the time while on a call the other party can't hear me. And when I do offers to get minutes I don't get minutes!. Very upset!
Wouldn't pick up my audio on my mic, kinda ruined virtual game night with my friend.
The Android experience is leagues behind anything else Discord is putting out. The app is laggy when performing most actions other than sending plaintext messages, and connection is entirely lost sometimes requiring me to restart my phone. Any new feature takes months to implement. Searching by username was broken entirely for a good while because the new username format wasn't recognized. Please update the app faster.
Read and or delete SD card photos. Pics gone, now you know why. We dont see the requirement for this permission, I may delete this app. Also why allow ads if your paying for voice time.
I have used text now for years on and off this last time I go to use it it goes completely whack i dont get it...
Notifications don't work for me.
New UI on mobile is so bad. Who ever made the changes clearly doesn't use the app at all. I don't know why people are able to change core features on stuff that they have no knowledge about.
Won't log on
Good place to chat with friends
Great love it
I have had to try to make calls on this app. I am really not happy with that part of the app. Not sure what was going on but I couldn't hear the other party very well. J do have a big issue with it though. I had phone issues and my account got deleted. When I reinstalled the app and tried to restore my account there was nothing there. I had to start over from scratch. I lost a lot of important information.
Almost 99% I am happy using Skype, so thank you.
Since update it always bug at the connection I need to do Airplane mode then turn it off to get connected again.
When i use an emoticon, like :) or :( , i want the emoticon. Not your garbage emojis Revert the awful ui changes
GroupMe app is letting me stay in touch with friends with out the junk of other messenger apps.
Don't always get my earned credit,sometimes the videos. Won't load.but it's an app that I've used for over 5 years. It has its ups and downs,but it's better than the others. That's why I always end up coming back to it
I pay for a yearly and monthly service. The app is bad, voice messages don't load, calls drop, overall it's a bass app.
Great app to get in touch with the entire family at once on a daily basis.
It's a good place to talk to your friends but there's alot of pedophiles that try to mess with minors
The secured social media. I appreciate it to use freely and personally transfer data. And tha only one request is please update the app for easy to use.
AMOLED theme is no longer working.
For desktop it's damn good... But for mobile very slow should compare with wtsap and other app response tym
Some texts don't go through.  If I send two texts simultaneously one often errors and won't send.  It kills my battery in no time whether I am using it or not.  I think it's the ads constantly updating. I went from 100% charge to 79% in 17 mins.  and the only app I used was this one. It slows my Internet connection to a crawl.
It would be awesome if it didn't freeze every now and then or have a mean delay on sending ave receiving messages
Developers are incompetent and give horrible forced updates that users don't want and protest. These updates cannot be reverted back. The new UI changes are awful.
Bit disappointed all the channels and threads keep disappearing and I can't use it, used to resolve if I uninstalled and reinstalled the app however it's not having any of it this time, can't use it other than to private message people 🤷 any suggestions?
I tried to delete some old accounts so I could fix them and they haven't been deleted yet and now I have no way to contact my friends, when I try to log in on a different device it kicked me out of my account and for some reason it uses the same email on 2 different accounts and now I can't make a new one.
Brilliant app. Better than standard sms app and so much better than whatscrap, messenger etc. I hear they're taking away sms support. This would be a mistake and wouldn't be worth using anymore.
Very convenient tool for decentralized communications
Stop Updating, You're Making It Worse!!!!! New update makes servers harder to find, changes the layout for no reason. What happened to Tumblr is now happening to Discord and that's a shame. 90% of my "texting" communication is done on Discord and every user I've talked to (200+ people across a dozen servers) all hate it.
After update new discord. I facing issues audio..which is I cannot hear my friend voice even change to speaker mode. It still use phone mode..please fix it asap.
Messages photos... takes a lot of time to be sent even hours. Video Call will show ringing or calling but it won't show up in the other person's phone. Quality of Video and audio is pore and often pixlated or can't hear/distorted Note: I do have fast internet with low latency And it's on Both end too ( The person I am texting with )
I love this app but like theres so many inappropriate pictures that child shouldn't see.
It's working fine for now.
It is helping me get closer to God and my sisters in Christ doing studying and prayer groups.
Wtfluff I set my date to the right one but it still says I have the wrong date well u guys have the wrong BRAIN!
Too many clicks to send a photo. Calls sometimes low quality with interruptions, although internet good. Otherwise OK.
Perfect
The new UI is honestly terrible, normally stuff like this shouldn't be too bad and should get some used to, but the UI is actually way to messy to comprehend.
No facebook is a huge issue I don't want to verify with facebook
Miss calls or cant tex out
Why this app do not work on the 4g network
So much picture quality and voice clarity
Its good. But was better before MS takeover
good, what would be great is that y'all start doing annual/ monthly for ppl who CANT do weekly!!!!!
it's not letting me log in & i tried to reset password but it says check your internet connection
It's a pretty good app only thing that sucks is that you have to download apps to add minutes.
Good app but if you want people to like you. You need nitro
it is very efficient and clean when compared to other messaging apps.
It's incredibly slow when logging in, while typing the user and password,
It's ok bu5 sometimes has trouble with connecting calls
I think that the spam nudity needs to be controlled!
With limited service I can't even log in.
Please add automatic speaker to in-ear speaker switching when for video is turned off. Everything is PERFECT .
It's ok not the best . Hard to search for people
with each update they have been changing more and more features about the app, in the most recent they changed the entire layout of what they have had since i was 12, the more they change stuff for the worse the less i want to use this app and all my friends say the same thing
very good service 😃
Its not the same as how it use to be, you could change the color of your page now you cant do that anymore i wonder why ?
I don't want this app
its a great way to communicate
I tried sending messages and it not going trul. And my calls are not going trul too
I don't usually leave reviews, but the changes to the UI are absolutely ridiculous. What's even more ridiculous is that they removed the option to go back to the old one.
Not getting notifications well enough,...just strange interface. Updates of messages can malfunction ...keep missing messages
Really good
The recent Discord update has left many users dissatisfied, primarily due to a variety of changes that have disrupted the user experience. One of the major concerns is the revamped interface, which some argue is less intuitive and user-friendly compared to the previous version. The new layout and design alterations have led to confusion among users, hindering their ability to navigate the platform.
Nice and it's totally ok
Very very nice app
For the past few months you aren't able to sign up with an email. It's still not working I'm not able to sign up with an email. Are you people even working on the app ffs
What is happening!?!?!?  I have tried to sign up (I've never had Skype) and it says i have to many Microsoft accounts
Good so far. Will update my opinion after further use.
I really appreciate the app and like having it at my fingertips.
The perfect messaging app. Elegant, simple, with messaging and privacy core at its design. I got sick of whatsapp as it keeps ballooning up with more features turning it into a bastard child of snapchat and youtube. I love signal, especially its clean design and excellent voice quality. Go for it.
Best text and call app out there. Even if u have a plan it's good to have a extra. Maybe I'm feeling like rating giving thumbs all the way up exelent
Absolutely adore the people I've met on this app as long as I've had it. But the new layout? Worst decision for the app. It sucks trying to get around now cause WAYYYY too much stuff got changed that literally wasn't needed. Old layout was much better.
me to a chat, I get the notification, but I can't actually access the group
Nice app and easy to use.
Always a bad conection an call drops soon as you answer the phone flustrated but it free can't complain
Text messages are shown as sent on the other person's phone but don't show up on mine until hours later, my messages don't go through to theirs at all sometimes, calls won't show up as a notification on mine or theirs, and sometimes they connect but there's no audio. Textfree is a much better alternative, because none of that ever happened when I used it.
The new layout is horrible, it's unnecessarly complicated. I'm sorry but I'm having a hard time processing this new update...the sadness is overwhelming 😞
its a cool app but how come I can't get the messege to pop up on my screen??
calling component, Microsoft almost kill this app!!
Garbage UI and money hungry
The app seems to be getting worse and worse with each update
Works ok. Memory hog.
Bad, every review I've given about any problems since being a Discord user back around 2016 wasn't replied to and there's one now where some of us can't see nickname colours which we reported last year. Still seen no advice by discord support on how to properly sort the issue out. Happened on iPhone mini 13 and the S21 Ultra and now the Poco M4 Pro. Fine for the first week of downloading onto a new phone then something happens and nicknames look very bland and I have got developer settings on...
Newest update dropping SMS renders this app useless. Goodbye Signal.
Very bad App
App is great, but why does my mobile data does not work with Discord. I would send a text, and it would not send until I connect to another source of data
Pretty nice easier than any other app
I have good Internet connection and I can't make phone calls. Have a galaxy s4
trash changes numbers n deletes app by self there is something sneaky with this app ... who can i speak with to recieve my missing information ..they reset my number again without a notice to warn me !!!!
I cannot recommend this app whatsoever! The very first day of trying to register its automated police accused me of violating terms of our agreement before i had even registered! I filed an appeal and after 2 weeks i am still banned with no rhyme nor reason EVER given and appeals never answered! Very diappointing Customer Service! Thank you for your response. I live in the USA, in a highly populated area. I tried on 3 different occassions to contact your customer service, to no avail.
Does not download as a proper app icon on my samsung, so have to go on line and find, install and log in everytime!!! General format quiet annoying. Calls are ok, but expensive. Also only invited to rate when I give a call 5 stars on quality. So lots of people experienceing poor call quality don't get to rate this app. All said, at least I can make calls!
Anyone know how to uninstall an update?
Struck with a msg - "Signal is updating" since 2days left for hours to get updates. Happening after the recent update. Need quick help on this regard!!!
Too many scammers using it.
Have used this app for 3 years and never had any issues with this app until a week ago. I stopped receiving notifications when I had an incoming text. Have uninstalled and reinstalled several time with no luck. If I could receive notifications I would love this app again.
This update sucks. I deserve to delete
Get logged out every few days, which means I have to log in every time again. And there is still no account switch functionality
it always worked well before but when using it now on mobile, it's so buggy. i can't even connect to calls! when i tried it on my laptop it did connect but then it's stuck in "connecting" when i switched to my mobile. it's so annoying
THIS IS A PIECE OF CRAP APP EVER SINCE IT HAS BEEN ON ANDROID!!!!!! HOW CAN YOU HAVE SUCH AN EFFICIENT APP ON THE APP STORE BUT NOT HERE? NEEDS UPDATE
Forced to use it for work. It gets the job done. The app itself is fantastic. I'm just salty over having to keep up on hundreds of messages a day over 16 active chats.
there has been an issue with discord lately I can't tag anyone when i send pictures or videos please fix this then ill make my review 5 stars
ok I'm liking it but I tried to set a wallpaper and it doesn't work I have default ringtone set through both here AND my boost phone service and it uses a default ring tone it wants to use not the one I set. What's the point in having to ability to set these things if the app just dies what it wants anyways?
The only thing that suks is nitro make it free man
People kick me out of the calls , what the hell!
I'm trying to change my banner but it doesn't let save my changes, like I'm trying to click on the save button but it doesn't let me click, like there is no button.
Great app to be social!
Discord is great. The mobile version has many lacked and this is mostly due to a bazillion different versions of phone and making it work on them all...but can I please allow my phones screen to turn off and STAY in a channel or call. It makes using this thing like a phone a PAIN or atm I don't have a pc mic so I'm gaming but I have to wake up and reconnect my phone each 10 minutes the max I can allow the screen to be on, just to stay in coms
this is a very good app. In this, great care is taken for the privacy of users.
They are very good and i like it.
Pros 1. Highlight a text bubble and get top two lines for reference on a reply 2. Easy to use text format 3. Use phone number like Google and other SMS- Cons 1. Cannot highlight and reply to text other than the top two lines 2 no text editing and style or formatting 3. No voicemail
Didn't send or recive msg on time . Many times
i love this app
Just a good all around app!
since I reinstalled Skype on my phone have been having issues using it and it loads and whilst chatting goes off in less than a minute
Can't hear me
Why does it give an error when entering the application and does not allow entry ?!
Nice but want to Improve voice clarity. Skype and viber are the best
great free service
Very useful. Although when I want to try the $2.99 plan It suddenly display $9.99 So I would like to know more info about the first plan.
Consistently good 👍.
It's another very nifty phone app everyone can use. Unless you don't have a phone number.
It's OK bit when wanted to go  Bk on iloged t me of and could not get bk in
There is Issue in Skype in UAE, Please Solve this Issue
Meah it works in a pinch but it doesn't replace the cell chip
Before the update it worked perfect but now it doesn't work since it has a new update. I don't receive calls or text anyone. Terrible app now
The calls could be free!!!
It says the Signal is not optimised for Android 14, and so refuses to recognise touches. Sometimes closing and restarting the app works.
After update it don't let me know someone texted or called an now when I open it. It closes right away.  Fix that an it will be good
Sound and reception is Horabel .
Way too many invasive ads. It works though...
What the actual hell is the new ui? Don't break what works fine, th discord
It's a good app. 😁
my Skype keeps freezing on me. Im unable to type, move, nor leave. Please fix the bugs. Skype had been a really great app.
This is a better way to keep a running group text thread going instead of searching through all your previous text messages.
Frustrating app! I don't get notified until hours (sometimes DAYS) after somebody has texted or called me. That's my biggest issue. Also, app ALWAYS glitches and shuts down whenever Im on it. Calls get cut off every time. Ill be on the phone, and suddenly it just randomly ends every 5 minutes for no reason. Also, Ads start randomly blasting while im mid-call, to the point where the person on the other end can hear, too. Super annoying.
Interesting app. Easy group or private text/chat.
This app is good but if any phone call is connected while the skype call is on we can't hear back the voice after the phone call is disconnected. We have to disconnect the call and dial them back which is the only option. This is lingering and apps getting hanged sometimes though the network is good. Not sure what could be the reason. Voice call and call ring quality is not upto the mark. This works wonderfully in WhatsApp but lags here in skype
The app is definitely hormonal!!
the new update is so bad. i cant even open someones camera full screen on call, it takes 50 clicks to work. and when i go to another app it turns off their camera and i ahve to rejoin to reconnect it. the servers and chats being on different tabs are annoying and you cant swipe to see people in a chat anymore either. the new update makes me want to delete the app and never use it again. every single thing just got so much more complicated than it needs to be. bring the old discord back
Pretty lame they make you get the plus version in order to receive Verification codes
To many adds and things up on you every 2 hours of talk time
How do you set your email address
Was working fine i updated to the note20 now when i go in the settings of a group the app crashes
Having trouble sending and receiving texts
Right after logging in comes a contact sync page where none of the two links, or the one toggle button to opt out of synching, are functional. Restarting the app doesn't help. That's malice, not incompetence. The app is unusable if I don't let it sync contacts. That error wouldn't be made by a big corpo, and would be fixed quickly if it were.
there are no free phone calls you have to buy air time but there is free texting
Doesn't work, couldn't even log in after signing up. Edit: to clarify, it lets me fully make an account but afterwards it prompts me to log in. When I go to log in it just does nothing. It sends me back to the log in page with the boxes empty
Nothing is working the buttons don't press
Would give it a 5 star rate but call drops after 4 hours an we can't get a text now sim card in Canada they should make it unlimited like as if it was an actual line make an exception for those who use this that's not in the United States
I have an LG G3 and can't edit my number. Currently a random number exists linked with my Email account. The Edit page has clear formatting bug(s). Until this bug is fixed it's useless.
I am discord dev since 2019 , I see a lot of updates and features that been add to discord since 2017 , right know I using version 174 because in my current country iran ,discord is filterd by government and I can not upload any music pictures videos gifs , I just can use the voice rooms and video sharing or streaming features, as a developer from discord I had to use and experience this new version, I hope discord find a way to help and support users in Iran .
Great app, sometimes you don't get verification codes though
app consistently doesnt fit my screen, and i often have to restart the whole app to fix it. it does it with pictures and sometimes when i enter call its bigger than my screen so much i can't even put it on speaker, its been doing this ever since yall came out w the new ui of discord, its super annoying please fix
If you are new to chat servers, make sure you find someone to help you navigate this app - especially if you use an android phone! Would be nice if more personalization were free or could be purchased a la carte.
This was way worse than I expected. I spent 20 MINUTES on making and account. It didn't even want my confirmation code and just straight up went to the What's your name?
This app is ok not the best though reception is horrible through this app
Done with signal, removing SMS support means the app is pointless now. Ciao
Very easy to set up and use.
Great app! Will change to 5 stars when you allow me to use it on my Galaxy tablet and sync it to my phone just like you have it on the iPad. Also please allow for scheduling messages. Otherwise it's great!
It keeps clutching and telling me that I was never in a group. I've had this app for a lil over a month and I've been in multiple groups!
Most of the time the application is good.
I don't like this new update .... Its sluggish and whole interface looks immature not modern
Not sure why it's not working...has always seemed to in the past, even if the quality of the call wasn't always good. But now I can't hear the ringer whether I'm trying to make or receive a call!- Tried to even re-download again, and like other reviewers, I hate to have to find a different App, and therefore have to get a new number!- Put this number on job applications. Wish I could just blame it on the internet.. GRR..
Works great as long as u shut it down and restart it often
Security sucks
It's ok but should be able to delete conversations.
Functional, private and without that WhatsApp feeling that makes you feel like your friends are visiting you at work when you're talking to them. It doesn't have a lot of the bells and whistles Telegram has, but I felt like it does the important things better without feature overload.
Everyone always complains of an echo when I call them.
Its a good app very helpful when you can't afford a phone plan, easy to use, awesome they offer a full service for a dollar. Cons: doesn't always tell you when you get calls or texts you just see a missed call sometimes that doesn't even show up and hard to hear the otherside during a call cuts out or drops quite frequently. I do appreciate the app overall! Thank you to the people who created it I understand its an adjustment with the ads, etc. but Hey! for a free app you guys did great! Thx:)
This new update is not ideal, the icons are cute and the media tab is nice, but swiping to see members lists was very useful, and it felt much more user friendly. Now that we are all used to that, swiping and suddenly replying is not helpful at all!!!
GET THE OLD LAYOUT BACK!! OLD LAYOUT WAS GOATED
Im not getting my notifications
I love how this app keeps my family together, even though we all have different devices. Thank you.
It functions. Usually.
I just joined Discord because of a game group. Overall I like the app and what we can do with it but the connection issues are too much. I don't have acces to WiFi most of the day, I use data all the time and its very annoying to have the app connecting every 5min.
Though the app is very interesting and helpful But I'd like it if you can work on removing 2nd factor authenticator when you are logged out.... You can check the binance app to understand what I mean It's really painful to lose an account due to authenticator
Slow in my Mobile
Great app ❤️
Very good there when you need it Ok 1
Good qu ality communication
New mobile layout is horrendous
Frezzing too much can you guys fix it.. not workinggg
Poor usability. First it wanted to access my phone contacts, which I do not like. Then, I tried to connect with someone sitting across from me, but neither of 7s were able to figure out how to do that. Other messenger apps feature convenient search methods like usernames, QR code scanning or proximity scanning. Not this one. Also, I tried to install it on my computer, but the Linked devices step failed with an unhelpful "Network connection failed" error, even though I was definitely online.
Text free is useful , When your phone has nothing but WiFi too run off of.. So I would recommend it to my friends , Just would like to have more Settings  for stickers and wall paper.
Excellent app for the navy groups but it could really use some video chats.
I can barely hear the other person, alot of times I can't make calls
Absolutely love this app
Very good app for teaching, work and hanging out with friends or family online.
It's a good app but often my vc doesn't work when the app is perfectly fine, it would often keep me on 'connecting to call' for minutes and then kick me out of the vc again and other people aren't able to hear me, but besides that the app is a good ap
open it it's not even clear where to go to make a phone call, it involves
Great app. Devs added unwanted features to divide things into categories that shouldn't have been moved. Also you made a server based architecture and then have the default page as messages. This isn't an sms thing it's a community thing and it seems like you don't want that as much
Icons and buttons are constantly bugging out especially in DM's, the format of the app is irritating to navigate and it's constantly lagging. (I use Samsung.)
great app you have to try it out
I rarely use this app and now I've been banned for violating the terms of use? For what? Not using your app enough? No, I don't care enough to file an appeal with your company. Id rather change my review from a 5 star to a 1 star where it hurts you the most. Stupid
There's of the best app i ever had I don't even have to have a sim
It works great and it nice but I wish u didn't need wifi tho but overall it's great
i cant seem to find my code.
this update is... bad. beyond my personal gripes about how much more difficult the ui is to navigate, ive never had more issues with the app before. images refuse to send, messages dont send or send in batches, and channels and channel text display incorrectly. i was not given a choice in updating despite having auto updates off (and yes, i checked, this is the most recent version). i cant believe this update was pushed out when it barely functions.
everytime closed can't open
Love Discord on desktop, but the app is getting worse. Several of my settings I can't access because they open in a tiny window that's impossible to resize or move. I can't send voice messages, cause I have to "hold to record" and then there's no way to send, cause it's "release to cancel" and I can't press the send button cause then I'd have to release first. It's the most infuriating loop and it feels so intentionally infuriating.
I cannot view the chats I'm in on this app. I have to log in through an actual computer. Defeats the entire purpose of groupme!
UPDATE Oct 2023: NO FIX YET, NO CHAT BACKUP SINCE 8 MONTHS, DISAPPOINTED (5 start - 1 star) . The app 'was' great. However, since the last couple of updates the backups are failing. I get a message saying "Backup failed - Your recent backup could not be created and verified. Please create a new one." Before this the backups used to get stuck at 99.9% and would stay there, resulting in overheating of the phone. I'm using Samsung galaxy S20+. Kindly fix this issue immediately, thank you.
the app always cut's itself off
Works well with words and pictures. Group function is useful.
I can't see other people's cameras their cameras are always off
Garbage totally. Don't do anything right.
Keeps freezing all of a sudden ugh ..can't text because of the freezing and lag. I have high speed internet so its not my connection...
This was an awesome app until it wouldn't send my messages. It will say it sent but I'll ask the person and they said they didn't get it plz fix
It keeps saying unabale to connect server. Kept trying, and then it blocks me for 4hr until i try to log in. Need to fix this ASAP
If I wanted it I'd of ask for it STOP. Get out of my phone 🖕
It's not letting me down load text talk app
Great way to communicate with a larger group of people!
If I could get codes if love it
The loss of SMS support makes this app nearly useless. I referred Signal to friends with that understanding. I've contributed a couple times too, which I now regret.
I use this app to stay in contact with ALL MY SISTERS AND THERE WAS A TIME I used to love the app but, now it's has gotten to where I don't get any notifications. no matter how many times i update or refresh my phone.
Trash it's keeps n refuces to let erase personal info
tons of features, jumbled up UI, hugest user base!
Ever since the new update, everything has gone downhill. I had no issues with the previous layout, but now that this update has been brought around, it's messed up everything for me. Audio doesn't get transmitted through my headphones, some people (regardless of what I do) can't hear me, and overall the new layout/update is soooooo confusing. Maybe I'm just used to the old one, but I hate this update. ATLEAST give us an option on layout.
This app sucks donkey d@$k. It's always dropping my call. The conversation is delayed. And there is all way an echo on the other end. So yeah.this app suck big old monkey nu??s
Thank you for making this app more difficult to navigate. Edit: I wish you had not made it an involuntary update to change the layout. I have my 2 cents in the settings where it asked for my opinion on the new layout. Edit: if you'd be happy to help, make the UI change optional.
I can not Activate my Galaxy J3 Emerge, and I Purchased it from Textnow
Just started using Skype please is it free
squiggly line...I've updatdd it and it still isn't working....?
Family is a bunch of security freaks (a very good thing) and this is the only way we're comfortable with any meaningful conversation. I'm happy.
Why is the text that I'm typing black in night mode in the pop out windows? I can't see anything
buy credit. They won't accept any of my information to unlock and have no
Solid app although sometimes it has issues with sending/receiving. They've announced they're moving away from SMS support which is what set it apart from other apps like Telegram. So I'm switching over to telegram for my secured communiques.
Allot of staic and hardly much sound
It's works great.
My Skype has completely stopped responding for a week already, and despite me sending many feedback reports and requests for assistance, I haven't received any response or help, and I'm unable to do my job because of this
It's really cool 😎
This version is not good ..it is slow and mute button is also not working properly.
Why is it called text free when it's not and shows up when you search for free wifi calling
Easy to use
Use it more than I use my phone
Cool app, that's all?!
For whatever reason, sending images has been acting up a lot over the last few months. First, I occasionally can't actually see the image until I close & re-open the app. Now, I'm unable to send images as replies? This seems to only affect the app, files sent on desktop work as intended Discord's a pretty good platform to use normally, but problems like these have been heavily bringing down the experience.
Pretty much sucks. Use Signal app.
The worst app that put out on the market it don't as it say it block your calls with all those pop up adds you can't make phone call it drop every call that made who ever put this out should be well put it this way don't waste ur time
Nice app good 👍
Used to be awesome, but just installed on my latest tablet, and can only text now. Cannot make phone calls , it's just says "connecting..." But never connects ????? What is up????
some sexually explicit or suggestive search results. Until then, no thanks!
Half the time the channels in a server disappear on me even though I got a strong connection, So I then have to delete and reinstall about 10 times a day, it's a joke that I have to do that in the first place
Not all texts go through. Leads to miscommunication. Can't talk to other text app people...they can't hear you, you can't hear them. Typical bugs for a free app but still can mostly stay in touch.
It's a pretty good app
It said theI had broken the terms and use by trying to set up whatsapp
Great app. Can we have stories tab on skype too where we upload 24 hr pictures compilation for our contacts ??
The recent UI change is a pain to use and the clarity is bad. I preferred how it was before the update. I liked how you could swipe left for the user list and swipe right for servers and DMs. Please just change it back.
Very buggy... cannot tap on anything. The touch doesn't work even though the app is not frozen.
This app is very easy to use. The design is straight forward. I don't like that I can't delete unnecessary or outdated conversations. Other than that, it's a nice messaging app.
Just got on ut and so far liking it alot
It works in a pinch.
I love this app. No problem
It's so laggy? I type out a message and it takes the text ages to catch up with the words. I can't just scroll through a listing online contacts anymore? Where's my mood msg via phone? Why do each of the conversations have to update so heavily when you exit them for a second? Where's the hovering Skype notification that's just open in the drop down? But hey, at least I'm finally getting notifications again...
I've had zero issues across three phones, and I believe in my constitutional right to privacy. Just download it already. Should come default in my opinion. Edit: Had to lower my rating due to the announcement of dropping SMS support. Now I have to maintain two apps just to send messages. The unified UX that I got using Signal as SMS, and secure messaging, and the labels to let me know which messages were secure, was more than enough for me. Sad to see it go.
The redesign is awful. Navigation got harder and even the only reason I really need this app, to see which friends and server members are online, got nearly impossible???
It's kind of annoying because I can't get a verification code from text
I dont know why dischord likes to punish their mobile users so much. I went from being able to watch screen shares, to struggling to get them to load, and now they wont even load
Works well on wifi anywhere in the world And a good back up number.
It's decent. I used to use it a lot, I use Discord more. Skype actually let's me send videos tho.
In this i app i want frogot password button but ap better
Make it to where it's at least 11+. I'm 12 and it's stupid that I have to make new accounts. That's the only thing I can talk to my friends on, and they keep asking me why I add them. I find it annoying and stupid. Also, a bunch of 11 year olds use this app. SO LET ME USE ITTTTT
First impression was horrible I couldn't even get pass the CAPTCHA not to talk of verifying my phone number. Very bad
Acha hain but needs stability improvement
It's not too shabby, with the exception of how promptly messages are received. Sometimes, they come a bit later than they should.
Awesome messaging app when you don't have enough room on a regular group chat on your texting app!!!
Great when competing with friends and family.
I was really happy with the app until it updated the other day. Now it keeps logging itself out. I preferred when it stayed logged in all the time. Now im constantly having to relogin. I checked the settings but it doesn't seem like it can be fixed?
The app works floor less but my phone keeps breaking I'm on my fourth phone I don't want to know again about Android never again I'm switching to iPhone this is crazy crack and everything the screen
Lost my number and now it freezes trying to get a new one. Idk whats wrong with it. Came here looking to update it. Theres a text free: voice app now from the same company so I downloaded that. Hopefully it also lets my pick my number like this one did. Should have just paid to keep my number, I really liked the one I had...
My app finally updated when I wasn't looking and hell, people weren't over reacting with the new UI changes. Discord is actively making the interface harder to use, the biggest change is the removed swipe to side features in place of having to press multiple buttons now instead to get where you want. But hey, we users don't get to complain as we just have to get used to the new UI they rollout every half a year. At least until a competitor provides a better platform and we leave.
Excelente app,and bery helpeable,,
I ok but I don't  want it
Too slow
that's good
It was nice but ya there are some problem creations . The voice sometimes become non audible and the video gets freezed but still it's good. I would request to support the users without any discomfort by just reacting or taking an action to the problems that are created and making it a lil more advanced and that could make u the best.
my phone discord always force to closed everytime i play mobile game. please fix this.
This app is a Kroc!!! Besides the damn annoying ADS getting in your way of texting!!!! The damn app wont even open or update, and I've emailed you guys over and over with no RESPONSE!!!!!!!!!
Love this app work way better then the other ones
Grrr says i was logged out and wont let me log back in fix please!!!!!!!!!!
I can't download
Use to be good till I updated it... now it won't even load, and yes I'm on data with a stable connection. Other apps work, and I'm currently on data atm... so the update has an issue... best to roll back till its resolved...
CONGRATULATIONS YOU TOOK MY LIFE IT WASN'T MUCH OF ONE, BUT IT WAS MINE
I was unable to pass the desired area code screen.
Was working great now havevto wait hrs before message delivered to one person. Only one person I have and was working great now hardly works at all... not sure what to do
love it but u can't see links or coded so I was thinking about giving it a 1 star but if they fix that I will it at a 5 star cause I not paying money.
It's work very bad
have same number, for 3+ years... easy to use and add minutes!!
Well, all of a sudden it just stopped working. Giving me some kind of error. What gives??
The new design sucks.
Excellent private services that don't give out your phone number to buyers like meta n twitter... no.1 for a reason.. open source so can be audited
Its alright
This app switched so fast I want old TextNow back cause they make you pay just to send verfications that's why I'm quiting TextNow
Good for talking to friends but make nitro cheaper like come on the things it gives you just ain't worth 12.99AUD either add more benefits to it or lower the damm price
Skype used to work but on mobile it's complete trash. I get calls but I can never answer, I can't call, and I can't message. It's always saying ''connecting" Even though my WiFi is at full bars. I'm very disappointed
Very buggy these days - swapping between apps causes the video on either end of callers to stop showing at all :(
Good app but need more work. First the lag. I can type or call someone without spamming my phone. Second the phone number. If you dont use it for a while it gives you a new number and I use the number I get for verification and when I get a new number whatever I used for a verification with the old number is now gone. Thanks a LOT.
Keeps crashing on evo
It got stable
The absolute best app for preserving privacy. In a world where cyber privacy is difficult to achieve, Signal gave me the security and peace of mind I was seeking.
House effect
Excellent app until they announced they are getting rid of SMS support.
It's an ok app I find myself having to resend alot of my msgs so that's a downer
My team is always connected
The app was good but i closed my account and was still charged for my subscription. It wont let me cancel my subscription
Service is spotty even with good wifi
it's okay. ads kinda annoying (I pay for the number, but I don't see a pay to remove ads).
This place is a scam I bought a sim card over 2 weeks and there is no way to get a hold of someone to help you activate your card. Then you check the sim card and the app says somebody is already using it.!!. FU#K Y@U
I am not receiving text messages. the pop up will show up and sound that I have a text however I am not able to see and read them
Good app only problem is it uses mobile data if you don't have there special sim card.
It's an "okay" app overall. Sometimes conversations did not pop up right away so that was not convenient at all. But other than that, it's alright.
its a good app but i wish they can do factime 😟😟😟😟😟😟😟😟😟😟😟
I take a star every time it asks me to rate it after I've already done so. Tick tock.
Overall a very good app for group messaging, however, direct messages can be a little quirky. I find that I do no get notifications when I get a the first direct message from someone. I'm hoping this will eventually be fixed
you can' use this app without a phone #.
The functionality of the new update is infuriating. It's slower, the color options are awful, and the DM vs Server pages is so much more difficult to use. Seriously, why
Never had any problem
Don't like the calling, messes up alot.
App works perfectly fine there are no bugs but one thing that bothers me is that they should add a feature of pausing a voice message while recording.
I can never hear the person on the other line and/or it does not allow the other person to hear me. 8 out of 10 times it will hang up on its own mid conversation or it will not hang up at all and will not allow me to end a conversation in which case i will have to reset my phone to fix such problem. Other than that, the texting I've had no problems with thus far, and its a blessing and much appreciated to have such an app when I need to use it..
Useful for a variety of different groups. Kids, sports, Scouts, etc.
Makes you get a account eventually. At least to my prior experience.
It was great, but now I never get my texts', even when I log in! I have to refresh the app or force stop it an log back in to receive text, fix please! This is my only way of communication with the outside world! Lol
Wish they had a paid version without ads and a way to edit the vibration alert setting, And a way to disable screen wake up when you get a new message
Great app to stay included
Usually I don't leave reviews but this has me so upset that I actually came to leave one, the new update has so many problems it's ridiculous. The one particularly annoying one is that it freezes on one channel in a server or conversation and you have to restart the app to fix it, then you back and there's like 20 Spam messages of the same thing. The old version was better and didn't need to be fixed imo. 😒 It's fine on desktop tho the app is just bleh.
The desktop version is fine but the new mobile version is horrendous, it's so hard to navigate.
Great concept for users who need a 2nd phone number but dont want to spend an arm and a leg with more traditional services. That said, the call quality/reliability is horrible even with strong wifi connectivty. I have no issue with other apps like skype or google voice, but one phone call dropped 4 times with textfree and cut out 50% of the time or more. The ads are also annoying. I would recommend one of the many other apps on the market, same service but better quality
It's been a 5 star app for over a year but this latest update to an uglier "balloon" style UI comes with massive bugs. I have to close the app and reopen to see other channels inside my server and sometimes even doing that won't work. Your basic navigation is broken and buggy with this past update. If it wasn't for the desktop app, I would have to stop using it. It might be time to look for another platform.
Please reply soon! How do I join on PS5 after this update?!?! The button is gone!!!
I like the privacy!!!
I like it very much. I love it that my phone doesn't go off non stop from regular group text. It's all in the app and I can choose when to check it 💖
This will always be in my phone but,Can someone Call collect on this app
Messaging works well for me, but switching menus and the like is difficult; it lags and freezes which sometimes causes other issues. I can join calls, but I can't hear anyone so it's completely pointless.
The new update sucks! They seperated servers and messsges. They made a whole bunch more steps too see who is in the server. They just made everything inconvinient! The only good thing about the update is Midnight mode.
Lately I was told that the telephone lines to Sweden were cranky and they could not hear me properly. Could you take care of this problem. Thanks.
Every time i turn around it force closes to the point i have to uninstall the app and reinstall it to get it to work. I dont always get my messages and it doesnt always ring when i get a call. I have done plenty of trouble shooting and i am sure my phone needs an unavailable software update but your app should work on every phone if you want to be considered any good. I had a previous phone break on me and it worked better on that phone but still had issues.
You needs to keep refreshing to get new texts but other that that its a good app
whenever i opened the app through the notif drawer it would endlessly be connecting, sometimes the keyboard would glitch out too, but overall pretty good
New UI trash
Bad experience...not working good. It's not not sending massages, not uploading my photos, always showing connection error or check connection.
app. Moving on to something useful
Ok beside load slow had problem so do not try it again yet but I will
When you make calls it doesn't start ringing.
I used to love discord but ever since the recent updates it sucks. It no longer sends out notifications, it freezes constantly, and calls disconnect if you so much as touch your phone. And that's if you can get the app to open without your phone saying theirs a bug that won't allow you open the app. It closes you out frequently for no reason. When it works I love the setup and how easy it is to talk to my friends but it's to hard right now
Great app. Easy to use. Have to completely close the app to edit roles though. Super buggy on that aspect.
It does it's job as well as group texts except easier to add or remove people without having to start new groups.
Wouldn't leave me alone to enjoy the damn app. Kept asking for a review do here is one.
It's the best for me
love how it dosent cost anything
Other than some delays in receiving text but oh boy when its comes to making or receiving calls its just a nightmare
I loved this app but recently it started crashing whenever I opened up a text chain! Plz fix
Just as private and encrypted as the app claims. And it also features video calling and voice calling. It is just like messenger, but with a hell of a lot more security. If I could afford the premium then I would. But yes all the features of messenger except for the big Jew nose of Zuckerberg sniffing away at your privacy!!!!!!!!! Thanks signal private messaging team! I will definitely have to spread the word on my onlyfans channel! Do you guys have any stickers or help with marketing?
I've been using Skype since before Microsoft and I'm amazed at how low the app has fallen (PC version too). In the latest installment of "things going wrong", if you dare switch the app while on a call, the whole system falls apart. It creates a weird dual window setup with a random app and if you make the mistake to kill that, you lose access to the application and also your back gesture. Force stopping the app is the only way out of that. Seriously, do something about this thing!
Not cool removing SMS support, I used signal as my primary and now have to go back and forth just isn't worth keeping signal anymore, I loved the fact I was able to send pics and videos to iPhone user who didn't have android and it not get Pixelated or compressed is what made me switch to signal especially when the network became an issue not receiveing or sending my regular messages because of being in limbo with wifi and the network until I switched to signal.
Nice app for video chat
this app is not as user friendly as the iphone app
Acting stupid
This has helped me a great deal with my church community being a member of Grace Harper Church.
It's battery consumption heavy
I like signal bcus it a good thing to have.
It is an excellent program and honestly it is the best communication program I have used for communication.
It's private and no problem to get it
Well it is a good app it just when someone calls the call comes to me like after a minute even after the person called already. On the other hand it's a great app but need upgrades.
I like that everyone is in this one place and it is private
This is really a great app, for free calling and text messages, you can't go wrong. There is only a bug or two once in a while,, which every app has. You don't only get to make FREE calls you also get your own telephone number. Yep, it's all about TEXT NOW, and believe me, LATER TOO!
Lately, voice chat hasn't been working every time I get on, it'll say connecting indefinitely and never connect me. It'll only work if you have mobile data, which sucks because where I live, thr mobile data would die for no reason. Fix this mistake
Best wifi call app around
Good except limitations attaching some formats which will not then work for the receiver. Copying and saving files could be better, but so could Whatsapp
The app is only good for texting.
Very good experience for about 10yrs my app was working fine I just tried to is app I was able to send a message but I could not make a phone call or said yall were experiencing technical issue rt now I need this fixed
I accidentally joined a vc and couldnt leave even when i closed the app. Had to stop the app itself for it to stop.
Meh it's pretty full of ads
Nothing good if I run out of minutes would I be able to text and make phone calls from this
This app is good but sum time the msg go to slow
Could have a better layout but ist goog
This app is kinda poor, messages don't deliver even if there is a good network and the data is turned on. You can see that someone is online on WhatsApp, and the messages sent on signal is not delivered, so the person has to open the signal app before the message can be delivered, that's very poor.
I haven't been able to send messages to people. In fact, it says they sent, but everyone I text does not receive the message. Can you please fix ASAP!!!!
It really works! I was skeptical
Install skype on call app
We can all keep in great contact
Can you.. Can you text anywhere with your text free number ? Or do you have to have wifi like you do on ipod touch ?
Lost for words! I am able to communicate with family & friends all over the world, see them in real time, take pictures of events as we watch too. Wish this had been available when my folks lived far from me.
A lot of features for free, amazing app.
It's harder to hide conversation! KISS! (Keep It Stupid Simple)! Also PLEASE fix the "back" function. I always use the back key on my phone to go back and now it closes the app completely! I have to go back by tapping the screen on the left top corner? KISS goddammit KISS! Other than that it looks awesome.
It's free and you can text and call people
great service if you buy the Sim and port in a number...no monthly bill 👍
Too much off topic discussions!
Good way to keep up with all the things that are going on with the group
The app works as it should. A-OK
Why should i sync my contacts now? I'm not sure how to erase them after i continue.
It's amazing. You can chat and call with friends. You can also video call. It's amazing 🤩.
I can't connect and get onto my youth church chat! 💢
This is an excellent app to use for Craigslist, Internet Ads, giving strangers your number who you potentially may never speak to again. I have used to text and call so my real phone number isnt out there works great! Only bad thing to say about it why I only give it 4 stars is the Ads, you have to deal with a huge ad in the way of the keyboard and it's very annoying. You have to deal with ads on Pandora, YouTube, Photo Ediditng Apps, even scrolling through websites and here too.
it's nice to have when my phone has no service.
The app crashed and all contacts were lost. That was not fun trying to put it back together again.😕
Does not work on Android phones. Will not let me login to my account on my phone. Constantly get an error message
It's pretty cringe sometimes but a very good place to hangout with friends and make some
doesn't matter if you're over wifi or data the calls suck
Interface + feature set leave some things to be desired (no voice chat, little to no privilege-gating), but cross-platform chat is very nice and I'm grateful that this is what's ubiquitous at my school, rather than something worse.
Great!!!!!
cool
great way to talk with family
I really love having the space to send and recieve messages I want guarded.
Works as it should
Easy to use, but hard to add emojis.
Stopped using it when I could no longer text anyone. I don't want to have two apps when one used to do everything.. oh well.
my date of birth and when I enter it and click next it does NOTHING. Please
Good app. As with almost any messenger app, hate the bots that pop up.
It was great until I found out people have been sending me sms' (not through signal) and I never received them. Checked their phone and they are indeed there and sent! I wonder how many other sms' have gone missing...
I only wish they reduce the monthly ad free service price from $12.99 to $6.00 I would pay for that the overall service is fine.
Used to be a 5 but the recent update made it run horribly. It just runs really poorly, stick to the desktop app till it gets fixed
I've had it pull money off my account saying it renewed my data plan and it never reset my data I'm not going to keep getting money pulled off my card if I'm not going to get what I paid for this has happen 3 times in a row they said they refund my money but never did get it back on my card this apps a scam I'm switching to straight talk I've already done this ove and yall try to make it right but nuthing ever change so doesn't matter if I send information just goes around in a circle
Unable to make new account keep getting errors. Also I live in the United States of America.
Transfer was nice - your should prompt for pin on old device to validate it before transfer is started, otherwise user is totally screwed if pin is forgotten
Sometimes messages do not sync until I open the app. Same on the other end of the chat using IOS. Same battery settings as WA. otherwise I would rate it 4/5
This software is great and I've been using it as my primary messaging app for years. Everyone should be encrypting their text messages and this makes it easy. Unfortunately, the developers made the choice to remove SMS capabilities (despite feedback from the community), which severely limits how I can use it, who I can use it with, and makes it hard to recommend to friends (who probably also have multiple messaging apps installed already).
Very, disappointed in both this and the other Text Free apps,was unable to connect on sign in with either,kept getting messages to correct time she time and date were both already correct deleted both apps.
Dnd is suddenly changed to active when entering into Skype application. Very bug. Please sort out this.
Removing SMS is a stupid move! Now you've added stories... Seriously? Soon will you make this a dating app? Stop taking away what matters and adding what doesn't!
ugh
Just use Skype. Ive have mobile discord for years (2020)and the fact that the volume is set so low that max volume in the app and max volume for phone while its in speakers is so quiet. If two people try to talk on mobile it's impossible. Then it stops working. No indication that there's any issues but it'll be quiet and you can't hear or talk to them so you have to stop and restart. EDIT: yeah no this app is still not great and crashes a lot 🤷‍♀️ Edit: it's been YEARS since and no improvement
International calls consistently fail and purchased credits do not appear
Since a few weeks, the app has problems. Messages are not sent or retrieved well and the app crashes frequently. These problems persist after today's update. Before that, all was great.
Haven't been able to make a call in over a month, it rings half and stops and keeps saying "oops something went wrong"
I love this app, me and my friends use it all the time, but I hate that only iPhone can use emojis to describe the channels and catagorys, yes its not that big of a deal, but I hate having to get my friends to help me because of it. Sometimes it can get really annoying and frustrate me, I don't think it's really fair, and I would enjoy it if we could use emojis as an Android/Samsung users. Not everybody can really afford iphones. If you could fix this I would be very great full, thank you.👋👋👋
I think it would be better if the people who wanted this used would implement it more
Skype is not working in uae again... I don't know what the problem is but we always keep suffering
Poor Website! Groupon has really went downhill!
New UI is terrible. Slow, unresponsive, cluttered and unnecessary. Old UI worked perfectly and was easy to navigate. Please give us the option to revert back at the very least...
Its good for texting only. Everytime i make a call it disconnects after 2 or 3 minutes.
I reviewed this app. It was erased. What is the point then?
I didn't sign in In this app plz help
I need Skype status and popping my message on screen
Notifications are not working. This happened recently. Can no on longer set up notification sound from the app. Hopefully team fixes on next release. Android 12 on my Moto G power 2022 phone
Used this for years and recently having to keep reinstalling it as created rooms vanish and It crashes on very odd occasions
Great but I hate I lose photos in chat forevermore after a few days
Glitches and won't let me log in, then keeps showing errors once I get in. Very frustrating.
Bad. Connect with each call..
This app is very reliable and always FUNCTIONS!!!
This new layout sucks. I can't even attach and send photos or videos anymore.
was literally better before the ui change im getting glitches from having to swipe right twice to get out of gcs because i jumped to pins, videos playing after i scroll past them even though they were supposed to stop, and files attempted to send in servers send in most recent dms/gcs instead edit: now you cant send files at all
Best communicating app
It's not free it's $10. Requested a message several times (could have been the number it was from I guess but it was a real number that had to do with my bills) followed by the $10 add. Never received the message and thus deleted the app. I hope the same thing dosnt happen to you guys. Could have been a one time fluke but who knows.
Awesome app that kick's arse. Developers it would be handy to collect minutes during a call.
Signal is good
Calling is down allot
Mine keeps sending the same messages twice what do i do
Very relaxing. Helps me remember to stop and just breathe.
All my discord servers dissapeared and I dont know why pls help
Mobile Update so bad I had to downgrade my app just to make it usable
Better than some . Even works in area with poor cell service
No themes or cosmetic/visual appeal
Low quality of camera n voice Calls S
It's uh, really confusing to use on phone now
It needs to send texts faster
Lost my number because I didn't use it. Ok that's fine. Can I choose another number though? I tried like 6 different area codes and it doesn't give me any number to choose...
I did update give me my money back or fix the issue
PIP mode not working. please fix it
Can do without the ads slows app down.
why msges are delivering so late..facing this issue from last few days
THIS APP WONT LET ME CALL! the first day of using this app was okay but now it wont really let me call sometimes people can't hear me so thats why I rate the a 1/5. I'm really sorry that I rated this a 1 just the app wont even work I will rate this a 3 if you fix the bug thanks for reading my review. Bye!
The new UI is terrible. Switch to the old one if you want your 4.5 stars back because this app seems to get its ratings lower everyday. The new UI Is so bad that i don't like discord that much anymore. Switch back to the old one or let your app die.
It's the best ever.
Lags about a minute everytime you press a button the slowest most frustrating text app ive ever used dont download!!
I had a really annoying bug that won't let me go to posts or look up some searching randomly after a random minutes when I see some.messages in search or go to a post it crashed unexpectedly PLEASE FIX THIS NOW!!!!!!
Need to be able to delete prior messages. Easy to use.
Love this app. It's great 💯 never had a problem change the background on it not bad. ❣️🦋
I hate it 😡 I can't message anybody or I can't call nobody
Help? Not working and cannot log in
Smooth working no problems yet
Overall a great app, but my goodness do I hate this redesigned layout.
I take back what I said, the UI is still memory heavy and the worst part is that we can't change back to the old UI. Sure, it looks nice compared to few months back but it's still a LOT heavier than the old UI and they forces us to use this UNOPTIMIZED things. This maybe the way to show your hard work but your work isn't yet ready to be forced to public, so let us use the old UI before doing it. I blame the update tester for this, sorry not sorry for being this rude🤞
what my phone number .can i get callza
The new layout after recent update is horrible. Extra space between conversations is using way too much screen real estate than necessary.
Mostly it's good but a lot of times I don't get phone calls sometimes I don't get texts
New UI sucks, option to go back was removed without any warning that if you stop using the old UI you cannot go back. Uninstalling. Needed to get away from it anyways, now's a good time.
Never had a chance to talk with you later today It's good Program that TextNow have
Can be better in terms of usage of a account in multiple devices.
it rings but it won't show up but I can hear it and can't answer
There's a big problem with adding video from Android devices.  The app will send the video you uploaded but when complete the proportions are wrong.  The video will have the same width but the height looks to be shrunk by at least half if not more.  Can't even tell what the video is after this happens.    I'll change my rating to 5 stars once this is fixed because everything else about this app is awesome.    PS. Also allow us to change our avatars separately in each group chat.  Some group chats (for school or work) require a normal headshot while other laid back group chats, we may want to put a funny picture as our avatars.  So we should be able to change our picture in the same drop-down menu where we can change our nickname  Thank you
This is best app. So guys install it.
Better but it needs more improvement to get the best rating. I'm not so satisfied with Skype.😊
Sometimes not connect on call and message
Good for gaming
Is not proper Story, and text, Wacht in app, Over Update,
It's,Always been Great App...I have used it now for years... when extra needed:Gotta have it... Thsnks TyAnn
The latest update for Skype turned it into a nearly unusable app.
SMS removal makes it complicated on which app I need to use to message someone. No way to know if someone has signal or not. I end up sending SMS more often than Signal messages. This change makes you use the insecure path for messaging. Their decision to drop SMS support forces me to use SMS for everything instead of secure messaging. Defeats the whole purpose of their app existence.
I hate that there's no way to delete. I will not be using this app any further for that reason
With SMS and MMS support being removed , it is next to useless. This app is being uninstall as there is no use for it
Works good.
great service
The app keeps force closing and is unusable
Texting is fine but Will not connect any calls
new update broke sending videos and pictures super laggy and sometimes it starts compressing videos before i even send them
It nice
Please do something about the calling, when we call and one of us just leave it like three minute then it off sudden. I want the old version back because we all can wait that call. Please do fix.
It was very glitchy and never fully opened when I was trying to access on my computer.
this is the best.
temporary number
App works really well. I haven't had one problem with it.
Why does the app need permission to record audio?
Works like a charm. No spam, just private conversations with people you know. It is a pleasure to use and I am happy to donate from time to time, it is worth to support it.
It will be better if I can receive pictures
I can't get it to open up. Please help me
Give back the swipe to see members
Awesome until... You guys had to make an update?It made the app so bad like if WhatsApp and c.ai had a child 😭
Wanna create a new account. Wanna connect number to account. Can't, other account already has number. Delete that account. Try again with new account. Can't, other account other has number. ??? Try to find OTHER account using forgot password option. "Ultra rare error." Try on my windows desktop. Link to reset password does not work when I click on it. Re-download app and try again. Ultra. Rare. Error. ?????
hi discord, what is this new update? i mean it looks great but i think the ppl prefer the old update more bc its more comfortable and the new update it really is very uncomfortable so hopefully the developers change back to the old discord.
I really love the app its like actually being on a normal phone no mishaps or missed messages, it's kinda a very meat app
Easy set up and like you can add up too 200 members on one message thread. You can also remove members without having to start a new thread. Would of given five stars but somehow one of my members got removed from the group without any action on our part.
the phone option to make calls is subpar and that alone should make the
I can now use this app flawlessly! I purchased my # for a year because the price was low enough to say why not! So far best app out there!
Bought the lock in number for almost a month and it's still flashing that dumb notification that my payment hasn't gone though. Despite it actually going through Everytime. Edit: it's literally still doing it. Fix your app ffs
They ruined it more and more and stripped it of its unique traits as discord. Remove the new UI it is an eyesore!! If we wanted other apps we would DOWNLOAD other apps!!
It's a good app It's very useful and easy to use
I love discord I'm on it alot but rn it radamly removed where I can see my Dms
It good really
Doesn't work well. Frustrating issues all around with managing your account and joining groups.
Love this reliable easy had for 5 yrs now!
Not letting me update my app and locked me out of my account saying update but I updated ibturn my phone on n off delete the app and all
App works good for communication but lately been having problems connecting and posting messages
This is one of the worst messaging apps ever. I can not believe it has so much market share. Everything breaks constantly. Through multiple reinstalls, I still can't even properly tag people or add people to groups or even start a new direct message because the search completely glitches out every time I try to use it. Now the notifications have broken and opening them doesn't even bring me to the message in question. Videos and pictures also fail constantly.
This new UI doesn't work and is worse in every single aspect. Revert it and leave it alone please
I dislike the new UI update. I'm aware that changes often take some getting used to, so despite immediately disliking it, I gave it a couple weeks to get used to it. I've now adapted, but it's still bad. It's worse than the previous layout, it requires more taps to get anywhere, and navigating the app is still less intuitive than before. There's one search bar to search within a channel and another to search a whole server, which is just inconvenient. It's pretty slow and breaks often too.
New UI sucks so much, roll it back please
Video 📹 📞 everyone need
love the app but PLEASE fix the issue with messages not going through until the app is opened. I often miss messages, don't get notified, open the app and then get a bunch of notifications from 20+mins ago. Extremely annoying issue. Happening to two of my friends as well. As if app needs to be running for messages to get through. But doesn't update in background. Not a settings problem on our phones, so it's a problem with the app. Also, give us the option to record video without holding in.
Having trouble linking my Psn account. I recently switched emails for my psn account, and discord is trying to communicate with my old one. Need help pleaae
Very nice this app
It is what it is. & With tht to been Said I believe tht this app is freaking AWESOME 👍😎
It's a touchy program when using it for group conferencing connections, but it's a great gaming and friends chat site....sucks to set up and use if you are not tech savvy, though by yourself if you are trying to join a private group
Downloaded app. Will not open. Have not been able to use. I have been invited on several occasions to use app and it will not work.
I give it 4 stars only because cannot send or receive links, so far I would definitely recommend for talk and txt through internet, that gets 5 stars...
I love the fact that there is actually a service after the lettuce have an extra phone number without having to pay monthly for it
Discord desktop is fine, but the mobile app's UI and performance feels like it gets worse every update.
Free calls and messages if you have wifi
Works
Was 5 star now is now a zero star app. Dropping sms is making drop this app as it no longer has any value to me
Its a good app but i only got to use it once before it kept saying text now shut down or stopped working there's no point in getting this app
App keeps popping ads up every 2 minutes. All other apps are affected.
So buggy. Can't even do basic mod stuff on a server now.
A good app
Love this app, but please fix it so I can see pictures. I have had people send me pictures, yet I haven't been able to see them or them even show up at all. Please fix this and I will change rating. Thank you.
I wish I could do more while not having to pay, but at least I can still do server stuff.
App is garbage. Says it can make call internationally. Added $14.68 credit and can't call Canada. Can't get credit. What a rip-off. Don't buy .
Many scams on this app and many other apps
Every time an ad pops up the app crashes and my phone freezes.
Great one
after da update i don't receive text or call but i can send them but not receive anythin. please fix
Over all pretty good. All the pricey exclusive items dont interfere with my communication. Unlike other apps, there arnt exactly ads. Only down side is i cant find out how to chamge the discord ringtone and notification sound.
I dislike the fact that you can't delete past messages. I have two groups that I have to be apart of because of work and baseball. I can't delete the messages so I have to read through miles and miles of stupid crap just read the important stuff. I would rate higher if you could go through and delete old messages and group chats. :(
Sometimes when I call or text in the replyi get back does not show
System requires an update even though the app is currently updated please ensure me that I'm all set and can still use my number I am paying for that service thank you
Your trying keep up the good work
Stops Ring and doesn't notify of incoming calls
Mobile new layout update sucks, please give us the option to remove it and revert back to the old layout. I'm so tempted to delete discord because of the ugly ah layout, it's chaotic, and it makes people miss the old layout, trust me serveral people hate your stupid update.
It's ok and perfect
Definitely the worst messaging application to ever exist. Notifications come through whenever they feel like. No search. No chance of communicating
AAA BOSS NETWORK
Great app to keep in touch with your love ones
I had loved this app until it started to get greedy and make it so you have to pay to actually use the app it says free but honestly you can't really do much without paying the subscriptions
This is a great app! Barley any glitches but sometimes it's just slow and a bit laggy. Overall I think it's just people's wifi that's the problem.
The best thing I ever want to use.
Best messaging app. Simple and secure.
I never faced any problems while using this app so it deserves a 5
Please, do not be stylistically similar to Messenger, do not blindly follow them in UX way, because stylistically Signal was way better in my opinion. Revoke the possibility where for each contact I was able to set a color and it was respected in the chats as well, it was very convenient and I valued Signal very much for that. Please, always add the possibility to customize the application more while proceeding such changes with Signal updates. The new chat configuration seems to be very advanced and cool, but right after performing it I was searching like crazy for a option in the application settings, maybe a checkbox, saying "respect the interlocutor message color in group chats", and also for a possibility to change the color of the interlocutor's messages in the conversation settings aside of mine messages only. Aside of that it is a very good application for people who value their own privacy, and want to have secure conversations. Probably the best stock SMS app replacement.
listen stop what your doing. This app is amazing it works extremely well and it actually does what the description says. Times are hard right now and with prices rising and money hard to come by it's been very helpful for keeping in touch with others.
Used Signal for 6 years, but dropping SMS support means I drop Signal.
Someone stole my email to make an account and both Pinger and textfree dont seem to care.. 10/10 dont recommend.. cause clearly their security and privacy is non existent!
horrible waste of time
Can we get an option to have the old UI. The new one is much worse. Why make it different to the PC version and change controls so any intuitive or learnt controls are different and the app is now much slower and less responsive with multiple bugs and issues and there has been no fixes or communication about updates.
Removal of SMS support kills the all-in-one utility of this app for me.
Discord was just fine before, everyone loved it before. Not one person likes this new...mess, what the hell were you guys thinking?? Revert it back, and I bet y'all will get wayyy more stars.
Old menu is much easier to change server and channel why change the new one is so much hard and very laggy plz change it to old one is much better the old one
I downloaded the app however all requests and text come as a text message! Why?
So far so good runs smooth no ads I like it
There is a glitch that appears when you attempt to look through a user's messages and it says "we dropped the magnifying glass," even though there ought to be results.
Very good app and better than what's app
Overall good, however i had some security issues.
I was able to place calls from the app on my Xperia XA1 last year, but it will no longer make or receive calls. Many messages need to be re-sent, regardless of Wi-Fi or or cellular service strength.
The most important thing is I feel like I can trust the company and app not to steal my messages and contacts or abuse me or get others to abuse me in some way based on my messages or with whom I choose to associate..
Verry Bad app west your time
When i make a call or someone calls me they can barley hear me half the time like its muffled/ cutting out. Other then that it works fine
Never rings and notifies you that someone's called until you open the app. All my settings are turned on and still no ring . I keep missing super important calls and I'm going to have to delete TextNow due to this reason . It only rings 20% of the time , while it NEVER rings or notifies you for the other 80%. The only texting/calling app that I have constant problems with. I will be finding a different app and will never recommend to anyone else for as long as this issue is ongoing .
Terrible UI on the latest version
I like it but over the past month the app won't load new messages so I have to keep uninstalling it and redownloading it.
If you have wifi or access to a good connection its great for only 9.99 mo. I dont have access often so ill try a plan an then i may change my star rating. But still not bad for $10 a month. Better than not having a phone!
Scam. To open the message with a code verification they want me to pay. Uninstalling. Waste of time.
Is a great phone app
Love it private easy to use good app love it ty
I had my number. Around 10 years and I was unable to check it. Because I was in jail. Or a little more than a month and I lost my number.😵😟😡
Change the ui back I beg you. No one likes it or will ever like it
i cant change the colour of my banner anymore as well as "about me"
Great practically free option for phone and text! Glad they have the SIM option. Everything seems to be running smoothly.
the new ui is terrible
It's a best nice app. Just make nitro cheaperrrrr in India it's sm costly
if you dont pay you cant get texts confirming your number but you can do all the rest, this app is actually really good and when I was in a tight spot and could'nt afford a phone bill these guys basically saved me.
I like the app, but lately I've been having issues regarding voice recording through android auto. It does not let me record a voice message more than a second, than it starts a call that does not exist and cannot be ended, which causes an audio or music to not be able to play. When I am able to record a voice message somehow, the quality is incredibly bad. I don't know if it's because the integration between them is not yet alright, though this kind of becomes frustrating.
I absolutely love it
So I purchase the little data plan which is one $2.99 every week I had a $5 to my TextNow cash box I purchased 500 megabytes for $2 a month well I have been off of the life I called a few times and I'm unable to send messages or anything like that and I'm unable to get a person after 5 p.m. there should be a 24-hour life-support if this is a phone company
Need online stutus show.
Someone named Scarlett Ave tried to blackmail and threaten me on your app and that's terrible and shouldn't ever happen
Infinitely more secure than other messaging applications
It keeps restarting itself. When that's fixed I'll change to 5 stars.
Messages are coming through blank.
Very convienent and works well. Nice to have when you do not wish to give your main number.
Great app. Only complaint is there are a lot of ads
I wish we could use Google for our accounts.
Desktop APP isn't working (windows 11), I can't link device.
Bhangar che
new update killed it, full of bugs and very annoying to use
Enjoying the privacy and flexibility in communicating with my choose friends.
Nightmare when it's updating
Long story short, I have to use this for Everything. Well a lot of calls don't go through so I'm missing interviews, my texts are delayed by hours or don't even go through at all, people can barely hear me (my WiFi is great so no. Its not that) and it delays all incoming messages. Its not great.
drains my battery when both of us are using our cameras, which is what its
I love this app u can call for free
It's very secure to talk with friends and family
No doubt, skype is the most worst communication app available on playstore. So much lagging issue, can't make a phone call.
I buyed nitro, and already make my payment, i still not get my nitro perks and a noticed said, " an issue has occurred with your purchase ". But ive already pay it.
It won't download
It pretty good👍
It has given Me a Healing!
Happy happy birthday 🎂 may it be awesome and wonderful
Love it, really helps family communicate regardless of distance or schedule.
I am so glad that my discord hasn't updated yet. If it updates and I can't change it back, I'm unsubbing from my 10 dollar Nitro and will refuse to buy more aesthetics/little profile charms. I have been using Discord since 2017 and love it dearly. Do not force it to change.
Whenever I login it take a lot of time. And when I open this app doesn't refresh the chats,fix The Bugs
Good results.Not like other apps.
It glitches out way to many ads
It is terrible you have to pay to get the code for the thing to!
Took over message service smoothly, but stopped supporting normal messages and too much annoying updates for unkown reason
Free texting not calling. You have to buy minutes for phone calls.
I'm actually mad about a different thing that it's so dumb if you lose your 6 digit code you're just screwed end of story which is a terrible design flaw in this app when you have access to a Gmail account to register if it's you when you forget about it and want to remove it since it's just a hinder to you and never actually worked for me never gave me a code for me to use
Food
I have a hard time keeping control f my device especially when I can't talk to anyone because if I didn't have a way of comunication I would fix all the damage that was being done to me so thanks I had interaction for as long as I could before losing it again
The app shuts down
introduce a feature to turn on front facing flash light while doing video call. The animation took too much time to open the apk, remove the useless animation.
Great. But this new UI layout is horrid
The new layout is awful to navigate. I can no longer search for messages server-wide, I have to search channel by channel if I want to find something. If you're a new user, I highly reccomend making the switch to a messager app who's developers listen to its users.
I'm having a hard time downloading this app
Very cool private app
Do not use once you sign up you cannot remove your account and delete your info.
if you are reading dont download the app you wont be able to make or receive calls
Great way to stay connected...
I don't even wanna talk about it
Usually good, but I have a major complaint about the newest version of the mobile app. Newest update makes it to where you can't just swipe over to see the user list (e.g., who is in a server, who is online, etc). I can't think of a legitimate reason why that would have been changed, but I'm really hoping Discord reconsiders this decision.
DO NOT USE THIS APP! I Used this app for 6 months and then all of a sudden i couldnt get onto my app. I am a digit nomad and i travel to many places around the world so i have a need of being able to receive texts via internet. All of my accounts including email, bank and government websites all are to be accessed using sms verification OTP through this number, and i cant get i to any account ! It has been a huge headache for me. The worst part is that they have absolutely NOcustomerservice!
Works great! Would be nice if the app could send longer videos. Really do like it, though!
Can't talk on the phone while trying to look up anything on the phone... an omg the ads are ridiculous if you don't upgrade
I like signal. Seems secure. I can see all images in one place. I wish it would group all url links together too. You can search chat history. Works well between iOS/Android. 2 stars because 1) I can't use/download signal on my android samsung tablet. 2) I can't hang up voice calls or turn off speaker. I have to ask other person to hang up. When you leave signal during a call, and return, it takes you to chat/main menu, and can't return to signal call view. It has been a few months, not fixed
The new UI is abysmal. I hate how everything needs multiple swipes and taps to do things now.
My groupie group is texting me and it comes directly to my phone as a text but doesnt show in the app. It is convenient that it comes through as a text but because it doesnt show up in the app I cant text any one individual from the group or access certain attachments they send very inconvenient.
never let's me make a call
I asked for JUST an app for TEXTING ONLY
It's kinda good but when I maked a new account and I did all the steps but I can't complete the email verification when I press the button resend email there is no message from discord. In my email
Texting works fine. The only problem i have is the "Free calling". Calling is not free! You have to purchase minutes for phonecalls.
No Problems whatsoever
It doesn't let you go in you need to login
Myself and the customer service all had issues figuring out this app. It was not the best one I have used. Then I could not find out that if instcart even service the store that I shop at. There was no body to answer my question. Very poor service. I ended up just buying the groceries myself. This experience was an F.
It takes at minimum twice the amount of taps to navigate as it did before the update. Why. Why would you do this. Do you want people to use your app less? Because that's how you get people to use your app less.
This new theme is hard to use and has an insane amount of bugs 2 stars because it's my main form of communication
After the update the app is slow and honestly the new way the app is organized is stupid and annoying. It's slower than before and I hate the way it's organized now. Definitely made me use it way less than before.
Not gonna lie, I do like this update. But making servers is harder now and the new things added are just completely useless to the app. Ive been on discord for years and I've never disliked it. It can keep the overall look but the server making needs to go back to its normal way.
It has been fine all except for the phone calls. I think they need some improvement
For skype to phone the App cannot directly pickup numbers from my contact list :(
The app was so good
Used to work but now every time i answer the phone the call fail. So aggravating.
i like discord and use it both on my phone and my laptop, but im sad that the developers weny for such a moneygrab with new nitro :/ you used to be able to get profile customization for 20PLN, now you have to pay almost 50PLN to get that
Making calls is nearly impossible, and you can only earn free minutes 1 at a time.
Ever since the new update and home screen came out, discord for me personally has been laggy. I also would like it if you add an option for that like you can switch between the new layout and the old one
This app is very good
Very bad in the last period all numbers are banned in the application (Telegram)
Ngl, I hate the new update, it's kinda ugly, put it back to the old one
Wont allow me to sign up
I used to love this app. Now I have to pay to get verification code sent to the number. $9 a month just to get a bloody verification code. You guys are too damn greedy. Also, it's called textfree. Why should I pay for something free?
Booo it slows down my phone my number is changing constantly missed calls, missed messages I get no notification for it's cost me 2 jobs and5 relationships.
Great communication tool
Great and convient
And now all that i can view is my individual chats. No groups. Defeats the purpose of this app
The Emoticons Are Trash... That's my main complaint
I can't use this app.
I can't login to skype on my phone . What could be wrong?
Hi voice call last at every 1 minutes please clear the problem.
Unable to receive any new messages from anyone and can't reset application it's seems to be frozen. Not sure why but will be Uninstalling once I'm able to remove any personal information from the application service's
Why change something that was already good???
The new design is amazing and introduces a lot of helpful features such as having galleries for the different media in your server. Great job to everyone who worked on it!!!
It laggs shuts off but i needed a wifi texting app so i just dealt with it
Good way to reach or notify people.
Set up the account not able to
I love it very private and peaceful
It was alright before they had been intentionally dumping SMS messages. Won't be using it as my default messaging app going forward and won't be supporting them financially or recommending the app anymore. Support reporting feeds you into an endless loop where they just tell you to update (even though it's current) and you can get no further. Used to be ok. Removing SMS support is going to drive a lot of users away - its a bad move on an already flawed app
Don't give away your data for free used signal and encrypted messaging its great!!
i can text just fine,but never can make a call.
Very good app beta i love this app now I can talk to my tailor and ask him when will he give my clothes it is also useful for dhobis keep up the good work beta kardi sastivpromorion beta
Great App I'm a new user however my experience has been good.
Was 4/5 but after they fixed the photo sharing issue now I can't send messages half the time
freezes constantly
Great way too keep in touch with people in yout life without a phone bill
It's a nice app, it has lots of adds which isn't the best for whenever you dont wanna waste your time on paying for no adds. I called my dad from jail, it's very useful and works for long distance too.
calling doesn't work even with good WiFi
Settings are complicated
It's one of the best apps I have ever used and I will keep recommending friends to it .
This app is terrible in every way, I sent one message saying hi to my friend and it banned my account and now I'm unable to use my account on this app. Garbage, don't use
exciting .
So far so good with,this calling app
Couldn't receive certain sms messages containing codes for email accounts. Calling and receiving is horrible. This app is only good for texting your friends and family.
its a ok app but I noticed even when I have full bars on wifi signal I receive blank msgs Frm senders when I get chat head or Phn doesn't ring not noticing a missed call until way later please fix would love to give app 5stars. Its very annoying to keep asking what u sent bc of the blank msg.
Good App
Signal is excellent. I prefer it over more commonly used messenger apps. The interface is uncluttered & doesn't weave itself through your OS. The biggest attraction for me is the encryption feature. Other messenger services are woefully lacking & are vulnerable. Signal does a good job at resolving these issues & as long as they stick to the double ratcheting end-to-end encryption thats only viewable to the poster & receiver... it will remain my go-to messenger service. Don't screw it up.
Handy and useful, like texting, but different.
Bring back SMS Support!!! Taking this away is a huge mistake. I might have to go back to Google Messenger now.
The new update forces a change to a UI nobody asked for and which is actively less pleasant both visually and ergonomically. This software, and the company behind it, do not deserve your monetary - or any - support.
The app is a very good use for texting in for emergencies like have to leave a purse and call yourBF to get it a 10:10;)
No SMS support makes the app useless, not everyone I chat with uses Signal. I need a way to communicate with everyone, not just select few people who need to install this app
That's stupid you have to have a area code
After my Galaxy s6 updated to 5.1.1, any new groupme groups added messages have been coming in as texts. How do I fix this
Terrible new UI.
it works for the most part. it just started not letting me call at all or static
It won't let mei never made that post i havent even used it until now ya know i was hacked while back so im guess its thos ppl talking call out
The app is over all really good! Just I don't know if anyone else gets this bug but I can't use the activities I don't know if its a bug or simply something else but I hopefully wish this could get fixed!! Besides that I really enjoy the app
Microsoft sell it to Google so they can fix it. Thanks
I got logged out of my accounts two times now I can't even make a new one
Not good at all
This app is bs. It doesn't allow you to text friends for more then 20 minutes. It deletes your account on you.
When you share our receive any photo and video in group or with your friends the video and photos do not download and send and show error and because of this I'm not using signal now
feedback about the original version, not the upgraded one
New UI has some good aspects but overall very weird
No one tests this app on Xiaomi in dark mode? It's impossible to see the text between hyphens (one hyphen or three hyphens) in the chats, for example code, it's been this way ever since I can remember. This is so frustrating. Make something I am begging you. We cannot see white text on a white background.
It was fast
Can't use the reaction feature at all, really irritating as my group chat
it wouldn't even work for me let alone and wouldn't even let me text my friends and my family or call them so I suggest nobody gets this app because it's worthless and it doesn't even work
Why do we pay for nitro and boosts and they can't even dev a decent mobile app.
Wumpus did not send friend request to me :(
Don't waste money on minutes.they just beat you for your money and don't reply to inquiries. Flat out thieves !!!!!! Not worth s dime
Recent update keeps having a bug where everyone can't comments/reply
This is the best bro anybody that's there search up way how to do it and you will love it they got everything accept money most of the time
Safe an private good for chat when you don't want any else to see
Love the app, but had got a new phone and couldn't get access to Group me on it. It was hell took me months because it kept sending cose to old phone
Crashes in my phone please make it more lite
Cant get out once in...sucks
This one sucks, it's starting to get my info
Love the new update!
Didn't mind the ads, and there were many and over half the screen is taken up by ads. Since it was free to use I didn't mind that part. But to be shown ads by just waking up the phone (not opening your app) is not worth the trouble. After seeing the third ads, deleted. No thank you.
Whenever I open an image it turns black. Ive restarted my device, turbed my wifi on and off countless times and I've also uninstalled and installed the app back and fourth. Please help me fix this.
Can never get good reception and constantly cuts out and makes it so people
One of the few apps I can actually do! Love it!
Crashes periodically. Sometime i don't get notifications. I have to reinstall more than I would like.
Why this app is not working
It was great and not its not even opening i uninstalled it and redownloaded it and still wont let me use it
Getting 2 alerts for ea h message is annoying. It  rings my battery down fast too.. but it is best for messaging with a group.
I was quite happy with signal but now that they're ending support for SMS I have no reason to use it. It's about to be nonfunctional. What an idiotic business decision.
Skype has been best ever social media app. Quality video call
Please give the option to turn on or off the LED for notifications and the option to turn vibrate off as well
It's great... Just wish I didn't have to run my data all the time to receive messages... 😁👍
Good app but why am I being charged $11 instead of the $9.99 I opted for?
Good app private
Really slow to update when opened. Was much faster about 12 months ago. Spends way too long on the splash screen.
Wrost app . Lanat on Sweden country
BUGGS !!! I have to download the app at least 3 times per day!!!
The app was great, and It's always been a joy to use, but this recent UI update has completely buggered everything. It's difficult to navigate, makes no sense, was never asked for, and barely feels like using discord. It's lost its personality, and I hope for everyones sake they revert the change or add an option to use the old layout instead.
Removing SMS support is a mistake.
slow as hell can't receive verification codes
Was good when I used it،but slower now
Release Clyde... It's not fair that it's in beta and seems to work perfectly fine.
I can't buy mins from it but everything else fine
It gets the job done, for free. So I guess if it does what its supposed to do. Just has a lot of adds & its very basic. It'll work in a pinch though.
Clear talk good text
I can't receive incoming calls on text plus but on this app. I get most of my calls and texts it just is terrible service. Most of the time I can't hear the person who called and they can't hear me. But texting works well. As much as one can expect from a free text app I guess.
They make you pay for minutes
Just started today. Already had call connectivity issues. I can't afford time when making business calls to troubleshoot your app issues. So far this app is useless to me. You've wasted my work time. Bye, bye!
Works as advertised
Updates for emojis? Pathetic!
Can't login my account
Its laggy, sometimes when u just try to switch from emotes to keyboard or files quickly it gets bugged
good afternoon, or maybe only afternoon because I'm angry. im writing this because i want you to know that the new uptade of discord sucks. it genuinely makes me want to do a flip from a cliff, i HATE IT. GIVE ME BACK THE OLD DISCORD🤬🤬🤬🤬😭😭😭 i can't see people who are online in servers now, and that makes me mad. i genuinely don't like how you changed some details of discord, it's so confusing now. PLEASE GIVE ME BACK THE OLD DISCORD😞😞🥺
I don't use it often, sorry for the 3 stars
I can't call a number despite the fact that I've had an ongoing rotating charge with Skype and should have credit. When I try to get help I get jerked around by the online help system designed to avoid actual user issues. This system is absolute rubbish. Microsoft, I will change this review when I can talk to a human...
But just in the
I've got a new phone and a new phone number because my phone number was gave to somebody else.I can't login to my discord account you need to fix that because even though it's a different phone now it's pissing me off. You guys need to get things together. It's telling me to reset my password and I don't want to reset my password!! All this stress and waiting im tired of it. And no I don't want to "make a new account".
I love discord but my account keeps going out every day it works then it goes back off and I'm thinking it's me but it's the account
seldom any glitches I highly recommend it
This app has great service honostly. The only thing i would change is to put your actual phone number into the app
Fix the app my lord you be in text mode then here comes a message saying get another number omg
it's very helpful when your phone is off. My calls drop a lot tho
After a new update on my phone. Now everytime I open the app I just shuts down?? No point having it on my phone if it don't work.........
BECAUSE IT SICKS
I call for like 9 seconds and and it deducts one minute
Connect is not to good n the talking part. Texting connect is not to good either.
I hate this app so much my friend told my to get this app she said it works it dosent work every time I try to use it kicks me out I'm 8 years old and friend is 10 it works for her but it dosent work for me
For one , I think only the ones who spend actual money on this app get the Santa in the app. Two, if you have an emergency and you open the app to diall 911, there's a damn ad you have to watch before you can dial.
Love this app. That keeps me in contact with those I 💕 Love!! Thank You! ShawnJon! P.S. God Bless You & Yours! With Love & Peace, To All Our Universe!
Fairly good sound quality and messaging app with highest security level. I heard the rumour, Signal metadata has been collected and shared by many nefarious purposes.
The app is great and works no problem. Just suddenly thoug, my messages stop sending. Both on wifi and off wifi. Not to sure what caused it. Went from working perfectly fine to just stopping and not sending anything.
Really like this app
Stay at area code loading screen
revert the ui changes. the new one is awful.
Gives service most often with good quality. Difficult for a lot of adjustments.
Worked great until the recent update. Now it takes up to two hours before I get notified of a message
Calls fade in and out and causes weird problem with phone while app runs
Need $ to use app
Awful, just awful. Everytime I go into Text free it tells me my account hasn't been created and when I go to create an account it tells me something about abuse detector. I don't understand that or why I keep getting that message. Until that is fixed I'm rating your app 1 star
calls get dropped can't hear me
We absolutely love this ap. It's so easy to get to and use. My hole team love it
Great alternative of WhatsApp People should use signal instead of WhatsApp
Great app however it wouldnt hurt 2 see less adds
Very affective. Good news or bad news, in this app uyou get the news👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿
I love the app, but now it's saying that I can update my pfp. I have to confirm I'm "not a bot." Then when I get the verification right, it says,"failed to update."
Please add the ability to enter and build account via Gmail to the signal application.
This is good if you have Wi-Fi connection and don't have data on a phone I need to make some calls or text other than that everything else on this app sucks LOL
It does the job but oh god the performance is horrid
Really helpful!
The best app ever , loving it
Stuck with it for work since everyone else is using it. Has annoying little usual bugs but as of recently it will keep using internet and starting in the background even when absolutely all permissions and background activities have been restricted / denied. Big no-no.
Works well. Have some issues trying to connect from/to Skype for business.
Why does it buffer when I open the app but won't show me any of my texts? Also, why does it make me keep force stopping the app? I'm tempted to uninstall if I didn't need it so much. And no, it is NOT my wifi or data connection. It is your APP and I think it needs a deep, thorough cleaning.
I swear the audio and call clarity gets worse with every update. Stop advertising Nitro. Stop telling me to change my username. Please secure and backup server content. Exhausting.
crashes after updating. yes, uninstalled and reinstalled. yes, restarted phone. devs call it skill issue...
It's ok. I would prefer the just show message indicator instead of 2 messages; 1 in app and 1 in messages.
I've always enjoyed Signal, I like the privacy and customizable interface, and the option of an integrated currency platform. I recommend. To anyone.
Number changes every 10 seconds. Useless
Country western 🎵
Notifications don't work no matter what settings I put. Sometimes I get them and other times I open it and see 50 unread messages without a single notification.
He lately just seems like as a lot of scam artists on all of these types of apps Just to add I got scammed off of WhatsApp I got scammed off a Telegram so I'm just urging everybody to be careful who you're talking to somebody's people are claiming to be celebrities are near not so watch out I can't say this is a great app but for communication messaging I can give it an okay
Honestly, it's going downhill with every update. Calls drop out of nowhere, camera will sometimes just stop working and wont switch or be able to go off camera,after the call drops it shows your status as unavailable so the person cant call you back, speaker will go off at random times or just wont allow you to go on. It also doesn't display the time when the call drops or when a message has been sent. It's such a shame that the developers sacrificed the functionality for a prettier UI, that has also gotten more complicated and its obvious it's trying to imitate other social media interfaces. It saddens me a lot since I use the app to communicate with my boyfriend and between this and WhatsApp, I'd rather use this but may change my mind.
No more sms support, useless.
can Text or Call but you need to buy minutes to call but texting is free I text a lot works out for me because I got disabled from my textnow account so I got this app textfree
Good and safty i like this app
there should be a way to mass delete messages... also the ability to delete messages you searched for without having to click on it and then go to 'jump to message' then having to go back and redo the search........ would make it a lot easier of moderating 🫤
Since the move from native to react there has been quite a degradation in stability AND performance
I cannot keep this app open on my phone. It will sometimes open for a minute but most times the app will open and then shut off and ask to shut down the app.
Excellent app my son and his teacher can have homeschool all day with no issues.
Everytime I try to send a text. When I select the recipient, it pops up for about 10 seconds and then either goes back to my inbox or just closes the app altogether. And I was able to get one word typed in and hit send. It said it was sent but still after 5 hours they still have not received it.
I NEED to. get verification codes.paid the 4.99.. and I'm still not getting them!! Idk what to do its sending the codes to mypther phone.. which is broken. I've been trying for DAYS
It's great friendly app for people that don't have the funds to pay the bill at that time. It allows you to verify that you will never be without a phone and be able to feel safe going in with your world.
Skype is the best wonderful place for you and your love one's to have privacy real time face to face conversation about any and everything you want to share privately real time Skyping
It's a good free app. Nothing more or less. Don't waste money on it. It doesn't play well with other apps. Doesn't matter if it's same criteria or not.
This app is absolutely terrible. Slow on every level & most of the time wouldn't connect & if it did it always took anywhere between 3/5 times trying. If you can find a wifi that it actually works with. Terrible absolutely worse app ever
Very useful to communicate with a group of people
Likes to create it's own copies of contacts which are difficult to edit.
🤗 Never had a problem with it. Does what it supposed to do. The only thing I don't like about it if you forget to use it you lose your number. Basically the only reason why I gave it four stars is because nothing's perfect. 😷Be/Stay Safe 🤓✌️🤘🖖☯️☮️♒🇺🇲
Cant trouble shoot no longer works!
It's ok, it works on one of my phones but not my regular phone I use
I added some money to my account and they banned me "violating 'terms of service'". No email to explain what happened. Just banned. Not changing my rating 'til this is fixed.
SvaXvzgffgwgga1 we streets xft s GG fga GTGavvcqc f
notifications dont work so I have to remember to check for messages. I have missed out on many things as a result.
This app's not sending SMS messages anymore (again) so that's a no.
Hate the new UI. Runs slower than before. Image transfers work on and off. Forced addition to get contacts from phone contacts made me remove permissions from the app. I should not renew my Nitro account if this nonsense and extra hassle keeps up.
Best way to communicate to a large group
I can't get notifications, work on it
It has been a great app for a big group of people to stay in contack. We use it for all our emoyees to get in touch with the managers or post their own thing individual. We can reach each other 1 on 1 or a group as a whole. Its been great
used to work ok the first few I had it but now when I make calls the other person can't hear me at all. I've already tried 3 clean installs with no success and my microphone permissions are on.
Great for private but it's taking up 5 gig in memory and I can't fix this without deleting the account.
I can't get it to let messenger add my phone number
I am not getting any verification codes with this app
Program seems to be Flawed! I have been Using it; but, it Refuses to Acknowledge this; and, it takes away my Phone Number, instead.
Fix discord omg its telling me to put in my email u guys fix it rn god
5th time my negative review got erased in order to pad a fake high rating.
This app is amazing you can talk to your friend gamer wherever you are
New UI is simply not it. The old one was extremely easy to navigate, unique but simple, not so overwhelming, and just flat out better. I mean seriously, where do I even go to find app settings??
Notifications aren't working after the last 2 updates. Let's getting fixed.
The video call is perfect
CANNOT USE. Says I have disabled a permission.
I love this app, using it makes my cha tting fun
couldnt save recorded videos on moblie
Have to Uninstall and reinstall because it stops notifying me when I receive messages
Well its all good until they won't let u make calls without paying, even if it thru wifi..go with text now, they let u talk for free
I'd give it five if you could perminantly delete conversations. Otherwise, it's really great.😁
Always an echo and very slow don't waste your time
Why does this thing make me have to leave a review? Now you get a one.
This is the best group messenger app out right now but ever since I updated I always get error messages that are killing my battery constantly. . Stuff like " group me push is connected you can hide this in settings" and "Google cloud server could not be reached" really annoying! Please fix! !
I've made so many friends here. This is pretty nice. It's a bit complicated at first but when you get the hang of it, it's easy to use. (Update: 12/6/23) The mobile overhaul is GARBAGE
Phenomenal
Can't create an account. I've been trying for weeks. It just keeps saying can't verify. I'm getting very frustrated. 😤
They want to charge you to upgrade if you want to get verification texts.
I only get texts when I open the app. Nothing comes up in the notification bar, there's no pop-up or sound. It was fine before but it isn't working right! Help! Please right back, I would like to know what to do. Also, what does "automatically add tiles to my screen" mean?
Too annoying when it comes to screen sharing, it kept on asking for "Start Recording with Discord..." thing every time I switch my screen's orientation (from portrait to landscape, and vice versa). To my mind, this is horrendous. The new UI is also hard to maneuver. The overall app's stability is also bad. For now, I highly prefer the older versions.
Stop asking for rates
Everytime I try to unlock my account it says used limit exceeded try again tomorrow and when I try the next day it says it again Microsoft fix your app
ReallyGreat.
Registrations fails
I wish there was a way to edit when you make a mistake. Also, have a way to like with emoticons other than just a heart. It takes too much just to put a smiley face on a post. But I love the memes, they rock and very wide variety. Thank you. I'd give 5 stars if those were fixed.
Worst app ever ... Lags all the time no privacy. just annoying
Easy and enjoyable
since u updated i shall also update my review, i must say that the notification on what others is taking about is useless, how do i turn that off specifically
Discord for android used to be good, now with the new layout I cannot find anything, how do I get out of the server and see my friends list, or is there a way to get the old layout back? The app overall is good but I cannot navigate it. I also don't have too many network problems, although sometimes I send a message and I don't see it in a channel, no anyone elses messages.
I gave it 3 stars, reason being that the report system is a bit faulty. My account got disabled even though I was above the age requirement and they gave no warning at all and disabled my account. Now they're asking for a Photo ID with my birth date as well as a selfie of mine which kinda invades my privacy. Hopefully they enable my account again as I've had multiple friends on it which are now completely gone.
It's very good and it works perfectly💯
Great app, allows me to stay in touch with family and friends during these trying times.
Giving two stars for the size of the ads. Also, if you take a profile picture and then want to delete it, there is no option to remove photo.
Very cool App But i cant use My keyboard
Why does it randomly display dotted lines at the beginning of a line when making or receiving a list style message!? This has happened an 2 different phones now. Both android. Not sure if this only happening on that OS bc I haven't heard this from friends who use the app on iOs. Very strange and annoying. I have to manually copy & paste the message into Samsung notes to see the message correctly .
It's good I'm using this app
it's a good back up plan when you can't pay your phone bill right away
Discord was excellent but the recent forced changes are unintuitive, frustrating and less accessible. Everyone is overwhelmingly unhappy and the response has been to just deal with it. Please provide an option to revert the interface. I feel like I'm fighting with the app to keep track of messages and use basic features. The dark mode colour hurts my eyes. Whoever made these changes evidently does not use the app or care about discords users.
theres a severe lagging issue during a call it seems like there's a few seconds before the other person can hear you while you're talking and the phone will freeze when incoming calls are coming in, it will not allow the page to drop down so you can accept the call ..also the notification sound will not alert when a text message comes in.. I checked all settings in my phone. nothing is keeping this from happening it wont make a beeping noise it will vibrate but won't make the beeping noise
I signed up but don't have any minutes. Thought it was free minutes
u can call and text people
UPDATE: After being contacted by a friend by email, i found out they couldnt get text messages through. I just found TextNow took my phone number because it was "inactive". This was done even though I PAY for the subscription every month, which one of the things that was supposed to do was KEEP the Same Number. If I cant keep my number, than this app is useless to me. As if it was the only number people had, and my number changed, they wouldnt be able to contact me. So im canceling.
My contacts do not receive pictures I send & even if I've checked ALL of my messages..... My notifier says that I have an great amount of unread messages! 😩 It is annoying honestly, but maybe I'm slightly OCD, idk..... Please fix these problems.... Thank you in advance😁
This the defacto phone app you need period
overall the App was fantastic, but sometime the chat updated late as compared to desktop application. calling quality is Good
No bad things
Was great until they dropped SMS support, and now they're trying to jam "stories" into the platform?
Works as described
Good app it is easy to use
Does what it's supposed to.
Posting Doubles - when I make a calendar entry it posts it twice in a row, sometimes 3 separate entries for the same event. Very confusing.
It'd be nice if it let me log in.
App works well. Helps with keeping track of everything that I read in the bible.
but everytime i make a call it really sucks .. in text ing its good but please fix
skype numbers for canada please
Latest update now makes it so it doesn't work on my phone! It use to work fine!!!!
I'm going to try it
There is no incoming call alert notification at all. I get a miss call alert only. And msgs delivery takes a lot of time, there is a time delay, here I don't understand y this time delay. In Whatsapp it happens within seconds. Plz improve on this.
V poor reception in the last month, calls dropped several times while on to another Skype user. Sound was also v poor quality.
Nice app, I recommend this app.
The app is so much less accessible and it crashes, like, once a day. I liked it better without the update.
Hi i really dislike the recent update,the dms are separated from the front page and finding a freind has become harder, server notification has become harder to find the mark is moved to the edge and easily ignored the update is really bad example.
I really like this app a lot but since the last update it has been failing
annoying, aside from that the user face is a little un appealing. I am glad
Love *privacy* keep things as private as possible.
Very good nice chat
it was good at first but after only 2 calls it starts charging
Really clean and reliable. Though has some glitches and synchronization bugs with linked device. It'd great to get them fixed for smoother experience.
Messages refuse to send, messages don't show up even with a notification, constantly crashing, the new update looks terrible and has been extremely buggy with loading, when I open a chat it puts me at a random point in the chat from days ago and not at the bottom where current messages are. Calls are never smooth, audio is missing entirely and they put the "turn camera around" button RIGHT on top of the "expand other person's video" button so you can't use either. Get rid of the update please!!
It is so nice to chat one on one
Paid $5.32 to Skype using Google Play. Skype claims they never got the money. Customer service told me to wait for Google to process the payment. Days later, they told me to go to Google to request a refund. Google says I waited to long to request the refund, so the money is just lost.
Cool app
It's great for connecting with friends I can't text or call and maintaining relationships.
` ughh well for starters i wont let me call out & i just a pointless app honestly -.- ; i am about to uninstall it again for three time ..
I am unable to set customised notification tone on samsung s23 utlra. Same i was able to on my earlier phone oneplus 10pro. Can you please solve it.. earlier i was able to set any local ringtone on my oneplus 10pro phone as a notification tone but not in my samsung s23 utlra. Pls urgent as i have ciritical office notification which needs urgent attention.
You must have a great wifi connection (like full wifi connection) for it to work good. If you don't the call will either not go through or the person you are calling will not be able to hear you.
It say it's free want card info for 1.95 it's not free you can charge my card a ghost amount thanks
I love everything about these app, it's so easy to chat on here and the app is quite fast and doesn't lag 👍
I need to be able to show as Available at all times. If I am logged onto Skype through my phone, but not actually on the app, it shows me as away to other people.  Also, I would love if this app worked with my Garmin and gave me notifications on my watch!
The call don't really work as well and there are way to many ads that I just can't get rid off but other than that it's ok
TEXTNOW IS STEALING MY CREDITS and WON'T DECENTRALIZE THE APP and LET PEOPLE BUY CREDITS WITH CRYPTOCURRENCIES
Dissapointed to have to change my review. The new update is a total mess. Their website says that it was meant to be a more dedicated mobile experience and make everything 'smoother and streamlined'. It sure is one of the mobile apps of all time. It does neither smooth nor streamlined however. Every passing update is a clunkifying nightmare due to the designer's lack of understanding as to what their own app is used for. Being a shoddy ios to android port certainly doesn't help it either.
Usef to work well unfortunately not anymore hoing to uninsyall and try once again
Username rollout was handled terribly, it does not make it easier to find people either
Just privacy!!!
New feature please enable input link in text without embed link option.
Can't be added to group
Just what it need to be a good private messenger app
Safe and secure, fast and reliable
I'm not able to open the app.. what good is it if I can't even use the app..? 👎
A good one
They made the app unresponsive, laggy, and unintuitive all in the name of making some PM look like he's being productive
Works great. No problems.
Provide lite version. Current version suitable for desktop only. Make the app mobile friendly. For small phones very difficult to use..
It was a great app, but then random people started joining when we didn't invite them and kept posting links for essay writing services. 3 different people. All posted the same link. GroupMe, fix your app. If this is how you make money with ads, I'm never using it again.
The new ui of the app is more buggy and overall a worse experience than the old release. More often than not, switching channels shows the old channel and won't change, making me have to force quit the app to fix it
Buggy. Could improve
Phone calls can't be made.
Is a great ap until it stops wanting to load for awhile lol please fix this ! Thanks ❤️
As others have said, Discord is great but I don't like this new UI. It's also more buggy now. Even though I've cleared the cache. I can't even use it on my phone anymore with all the freezing. Please address these issues and I'll update my review.
Its cool I use it for my football
Takes up too much memory on my phone.
When i want to video call it will say unstable internet connection but my wifi router is right beside and + it also freezes and crashes on Android a lot
You have uninstall it to switch accounts. No sign out feature, no good. But I'm sure Microsoft doesn't care one iota.
Love the app, but its VERY laggy
decent free texting app
I'm older (60 yo) and still trying to figure it all out, but I like how a group in Discord can be organized into smaller groups.
Overall, really good and enjoyable with all the different features. I hate the new update though. I wish it was back to normal with the member lists and dms.
Great app. Love the security. Wish the desktop version could be passworded.
It Facilitates smooth communication.
Sometimes crash
Horrible app am horrible blinking ads....wont download again
Could you solve your last update problem.. you have to tap each letter 3,4 times for it stays on a sms
works well, new update looks awful though
Easy way to chat with many different groups
Not now Anyone ready to chat?
Despite having some challenges deactivating my old Text Now SIM (GSM) so the new GSM SIM card can be activated on my replacement phone, I received stellar servixe from customer support tech Aaron G. via live chat. A trouble ticket was created so I look forward to a remedy in a few days and if all goes well, I will update the review again.
The new update completely ruined mobile discord, I'd give 0 stars if I could because it's that bad and yet despite the community saying it's bad, it looks like the devs won't change it back to what WORKED FOR YEARS. And the new system is really messing with my OCD and autism and making me get sick just trying to use it.
In 2018 I signed up with this app, but I never used it. Today I tried to re-sign with a new account showed me that (my old mobile unit name & model) No longer exist & I cannot re-sign.
Good app!
Good recommendation for my account
I love this app, don't get me wrong. Honestly there's only really one thing that annoys me the most. My phone will bing and show who messaged me and a part of what they said but when I go to the app to respond and see all of what they said it doesn't show it. Like it never happened, but I know they will text me because I have a conversation with them but all I'm seeing is my messages. I tried to uninstall it and re-install like several times I even powerd and restarted my phone still nothing. Edit* they fixed it!!
Texting only
It cuts out a lot. Doesn't always allow me to answer. Sometimes it crashes. All with full wifi.
Works smoothly and is always reliable.
Crashing and uninstalling. Not cool
Not happy that I cannot send signal texts to others not on signal. I may have to find a more accessible app.
Why i cannot log in or register
Taking away features is not the way to go. We want SMS.
can't call out
Why can't I log in or sign in
Skype is always lagging or the words are coming in late or the video freezes
Hi I don't what happened but I can't to login in. I tried a few times and I gave up...Hi I don't what happened but I can't to login in. I tried a few times and I gave up unistalled the app. unistalled the app.
it was a very good app you could talk to your friends and chat but I didn't like how it was glitching a bit and other from that it's good but sometimes it gets a bit laggy and like a and it takes a long time for to catch up to the real video and thanks to Skype and the company who made this cos my life just became aware better but only if the Calls don't glitch and like have some dropped frames and sometimes the person's voice cannot be hurt and it's just frozen and the call ends and yea!
It will not load the newest messages.
it does what it says it does: you get a phone number for texting and calls over Wi-Fi. the only thing I have negative to say about it, if you can even call it "negative", is the fact that you can lose your number if you go too long without texting or calling via the app. I wish it just asked "do you Still want to keep this number?" if it's been a while since it's been used... not make you use it or take the number away. other than that, no problems.
Change my mind sorry Abt that
Text Free is a great app if you need a disposable number. It allows you to search for a number using words. For example I have a number that is XXX-XXX-VAPE. The only thing I don't like is the unnecessary notifications. I could see if it was for ads but it's not. They keep reminding me of features I don't need or want. Other than that a great app and worth it for an additional number to use but 4 out of 5 stars because of it.
It's good app
Fun way to find community and talk to new people
I would give this app A 5 star rating but unfortionitly everytime i open this app. it crashes or it freezes up. making it very hard to comolete a message. i tshouldnt take me 10 minuets responding.
Loved it.
unusable, full of glitches that have existed, for many years at this point.
What can I say Free.. I love it ... And I use it all ta time...
You see I tried to open a account hundreds of times but when ever I enter the code it says that an existing account is using this number . please remove it can be used as a new account but this is the first time I am opening a discord account.please fix it as soon as possible.
The new updates are not it. I don't like the way I have to go from servers to dms and how I can't just swipe to get to servers now. It's atrocious
i like that you can text some people that you keep in touch with, but you can't call them cause it costs money and some people may not recieved your text because they have a different device
the new update sucks. it's so ugly, and i think they should bring back the old version, or atleast add a setting so you can switch to the old style. definitely won't be using this anymore.
Could be interesting
Well, it used to be good. It was the only app that wouldnt transfer from my old phone, and now it wont allow me to text to anyone who wasnt in a previous group even tho i allowed my contacts. i basically vant do anything with it and i had go go to the play store to delete the app. I deleted my account.
I mean... It is alright. Bro. If you are reading this, just know that I have a soul. And you have a soul.
Calling on this app is terrible!! They cram apps into the call that force that call to sound like it's on speaker. Definitely not a good app for calls. Or really at all ...
I don't remember what email I used and I don't know how to verify it and none of the advice is helping someone else who had this problem please help me out I need to log back in but I don't know how.
Have been using the app for a long time, but the updates keep making it worse. The ui keeps getting worse, while the new features, while neat, don't add that much value to me personally. I've resorted to turning off auto update and praying my current version doesn't break, around update 116 was peak discord.
The new layout is horrible and very hard to navigate compared to the previous one
The new design is sluggish and unresponsive. It should never have been changed
Why am I unable to create a PIN even after multiple attempts??
Tired of doing stupid updates.Give me one stable version and open source and then end of story.Every day stupid updates.
Its a lovely app. My experience thus far has been all positive .
The best
it won't work after updating it.! This my only way of texting.! Fix it .!!!!
Works great for texting. Haven't had much success with calls, but it's not my normal usage. I don't mind the ads on the bottom, but the pop up ads can be a bit annoying.
We are Muslims we rejected the Sweden
Can't receive phone calls.it sucks it used to be so good now it's bad
Not able to answer the phone sometimes
It not bad
Good way to share things among the family
It's my first time using this app... and I think it's okay, I guess.
Keep telling me there are no numbers to display what's going on I can't even get a phone number
Doesn't want to open text from people and sometimes will not load..
Great app. Makes things simple.
Freaking awesome
Trash
Just one more app to put on this stupid phone.
I hope you have a web app that can also do calls like on how it works on phone
You get what you pay for
what are you
Its buggie and it always trys to connect when wifi is available but fails to and now when you click on another server from what your in it loads to another one but still shows the name of the one you left
Used to be great. Have been using Signal for years for encrypted and standard SMS. 5 stars before. Why would they turn off support for standard SMS? Terrible decision! Now I need a new SMS program!
Hello there seems to be a probem with the bar on the left side. It often glitches and when i swipe to the right, it wont move away instead it sticks there and covered half of the dms
My experience is that it's n up full of fraudsters who want to scamm pple of hard earned money
Do to much
ENOUGH SAID BE SAFE PEACE....
Good app but for some reason it keep logging me out and trying to give me a different number. This is really annoying.
I had it and now I can install the app again don't know what's going on
New update is GARBAGE. Change it back or give people the option to customize it.
It's W
Good way to message with large groups. It is easy and convenient to use.
Not a fan of the forced open ads. No consent. The ads that open randomly on their own and redirect you to a website could be harmful. That's really shady. Terrible business practices. Why do I need to allow access to files and media to check a voicemail?
its worked crystal clear even VOIP from South Africa on laptop phone call to my mother's cell phone
Tons of ads... Barely functional in its current state because of them. Constantly tries to download unwanted apps. Beware.
great app. I use this with my other business /hoe line
This is a great app. I use it for work, and it is wonderful keeping up with everyone during the day.
Clunky, buggy, cashgrab experience.
Free textn app.
I have problems with the notification system. It doesn't notify me of new
Too hard to get minutes for calling and call quality is horrible
Terrible at transferring, have to change your profile and information, groups every time. Massive pain. Much worse than other messengers. I would not use it if not required to for work.
Good for its purpose
Signal is good App
Succs. It says its free but when you set it up and try to call someone it won't let you cuz u dnt have any credits. SMDH
Not only is this a trashy copy of "trendy" UI, but there are text sizing issues on the DMs screen, message whitespace/gap issues, and my friends constantly say I randomly sound like I'm underwater regardless of settings. Just overall so unbelievably buggy. Now the mobile app isn't even consistent with the design of the desktop app. Navigation is so bad now. Too many taps to get to diff menus instead of swiping like before. Messages moved to the bottom??? Yeah, no. Revert the update. ASAP.
Love it good messaging app
App for phone connection are bad. Too much echo and texting is slow .
This is "in my opinion" one of the BEST apps of its kind. It works WELL & it's FREE!! What more can you ask. Keep up the good work. & THANK YOU 4 a great app.
It is convenient and super easy to use!
The layout is genuinely painful to traverse, but if we put that aside I have to re open the app because conversations don't want to open like seriously what is this
This app is ok
A "rate this app" popup appeared before I even finished signing up.
Won't load my videos. Not a good app
Hi I deleted the app, are my groups still there or it can be restored?
rooms keep disappearing when I log off
i have been using the app regularly for about 6 years now but the new ui update is really ruining my experience. its extremely hard to see new messages, its harder to navigate through the servers and its such a big change from the old one, with no way to go back. im going to cancel my nitro as well until it is better.
This app is so buggy. Profile pictures and names never change when updated, and messages don't send even when there's a strong data/wifi connection. It's very inconvenient as I use it for work and school.
Will not let me log in to my account
I give it a low rating because just recently the app never works. I open it and it crashes instantly, I tried reinstalling the app, only to notice it doesnt open. Please fix this.
I don't have any problems with it so far no bugs or any kind of technical issues yet as of now it works great 👍😃
Connection is poor..calls are not clear and get dropped.Also,unable to hang up when call is lost.
Just like sending texts on your phone and you can text with any kind of cell phone.
But I really wished that android users had the option of seeing the date on the text not just the time.
Left because of removal of SMS support, like seriously, horrible decision byeeeee
when this app works it is ok...not great. But I've had to uninstall because it says I have to confirm with Microsoft, when you go to the site specified it is vague and does not explain how to fix. I am not happy with this app.
Needs work. Vibrate boo!. Server down, boo! Has promise though.
Where did Skype app for chrombook go?
i used to love this app. but now the layout is confusing and homogeneous. if it's not broke, DON'T FIX IT
Every once In while I have issues with calls coming through, but overall for a free app it works really well. It's a shame you can't buy a plan with mobile data included so I didn't have to rely on wifi In order to use the app. I'm thankful either way though, atleast I have a way to communicate without having mobile data.
What I stated before a large misunderstanding I did not have my facts straight
Please remove the ads
Works swiftly and much larger file limitations than built-in SMS/MMS app. HOWEVER, removal of SMS support (rather than only supporting Signal to Signal messaging) was a MASSIVE blow to the app. I understand that this feature was removed to ensure user privacy in all conversations, but we were already aware that Signal ↔️ SMS didn't have encryption; it was made very clear. Was a 5-star app. Now, a solid 2.5 -- might as well use Snapchat at this point since others HAVE to have a Signal account.
I've never owned this but its probably good lmao
pretty good. sometimes my phone wont notify me when i have mesaages and im not sure if thats the app or just my phone.
great program once you get the hang of it
Very useful.
One of the worst apps by Microsoft i can't sign in for no reason
If there was any other Skype client for Android, I would switch to that one immediately. It's the worst mobile messaging app ever. It loads any chat several seconds, and if you switch to another chat, it will again take several seconds. Sometimes it shows only last message in the chat and you have to reopen the chat again to see all history.
I wouldn't recommend this for people with not so good data plans I had it for a week and it used almost one gigabyte but it's good texting app over WiFi sometimes it doesn't send a message or you don't receive one which is a pain but it's good in that category
I kept getting random calls from fast food chains
This Signal app does not let me text message just any of my contacts. They have to have the Signal app also. When it was new you could use it for everyone. Now no more which is what makes me rate it low.
this used to be a 5 stars. I really tried to give their update some time, but it is just so awful, unintuitive, loss of ease of access. Incredibly buggy. Can't even customize it and not even an option to switch back to the other theme. I can't stand it and will be using the discord desktop app exclusively. Stop bootlicking shareholders and listen to your customers.
I'm struggling with accepting phone call otherwise I would give it a four star
It was like eating a York PeppermintPatty
Cool only 4 wifi when u don't wanna give out ur real number...
I like discord but it baffles me as to why they don't separate personal messages and servers
I tried making a new account but it wouldn't even let me
After I sign in, it asks me my date of birth, after putting the information and pressing the but on next freezes, tried from my phone and is the same story, what should i do? Can't access  Skype since a week ago, very disappointed
Picture is always oriented wrong. No matter what. Tried everything.
This new app is close to unusable! Intrusive slider thing to set the background colour but no useful controls e.g. sign out or add credit!
This is very awesome 👌 I really love using this site 😍 ❤️
Fantastic app recommend
I've been trying to download this app for three days and it doesn't download so if you ask me something else needs to be done to make this app the whole lot better good right now it sucks
Don't have a password and have no clue where they sent the reset for it. Checked my account. Not there. Need it for my work teams contact. Very upset.
Please remove the username feature and re add the hashtags instead.
got an alert that app needed to be updated. tried numerous times and got a message that there was an error on their side and to try again. I tried again, uninstalled the app and tried to reinstall. same error message. now I am without Signal.
SMS and Encrypted messages in the same app. A desktop app is also available Edit: lowered to 3 stars and they are removing the SMS feature. It's no longer beneficial for me to replace the default app so it's useless has dropped massively.
Can't add more than a few names and then starts giving errors. Have tried creating new groups with the same problem. Other people in our group have tried as well and they get the same error. Any more that just 10 or so names and it won't work at all. There is no further explanation given as to why the name can't be added.
Easy to use, versatile.
Errors alot claiming not to have internet connection .
great backup Incase you go a day or two without paying your bill.
Blocks text codes behind premium version.
Need to add a notification for when i get a dm request
Unoptimised dogwater UI update
Works fine, but i cant change my name in it
They charge .check out the free one
The app constantly fails to understand what a Bluetooth earbud is, when to use it, and freezes randomly.
Nice app for groups be communicate.
Never get a text once the app is closed
Messages that I received in notification does not populate, messages I just sent does not show in chat. Sometimes clicking a different person still shows me the same chat I was on previously
Don't the job y'know, pretty laggy though
I love this app, i can talk to my friends and stuff, but lately, I've been experiencing a bad issue/bug. My Bluetooth will not receive audio while in calls. It works before call, I can listen to music but once I join it just goes through my phone. Once I disconnect my Bluetooth there is still an option to use Bluetooth as an audio output. Is there any way to solve this issue, if not please fix it
You can't receive pictures or send pictures unless they are using this app.
Why I can't receive a number of USA? If anyone knows, please help me to solve this problem
I can't log in into my old account, whenever I put my number and press next it just likes freezes, I keep spamming it but it doesn't work, I tried closing the app and verify it again it doesn't work.
Easy to use.
It wasn't pretty good app, after about 3 to 5 uses they insisted on my contacts which included all of my files and media. There is only so much i can give up.
phenomenal. ngl this be the best app on my phone. its legit cracked af
Enjoying this in contact with friends. Has been very useful. Don't know all the features yet, But learning.
Doubles phone number digits
Pretty good app. Not sure about the time limit messages are kept .????? I need full text msg record from begining I started using . Any info greatly appreciated. Good app except not all msg seemed to be kept.
Usually it works great and I'd give it give stars, but there are times friends don't get my messages until up to a day later.
Proximity sensor not turning off screen anymore during video after one of the last updates. These are the basics!
The keyboard is missing important keys. One of which is the return key, which "send" is now instated. We do not need a second send keys there. Everywhere else there is a return key, which when I need it, I find that I send a part of my message which is very annoying. Sending lists is of course absolutely impossible now
txt msg works fine, havent make much calls, but it seems to be solid. not
Year 2023! And TextNow is mediocre at best. Bunch of bugs, calls STILL get dropped and/or bad connection, bunch of ads! Mind you I totally understand the fact that ads are what makes this free, but TextNow has now an absurd level of ads... In this day and age, how is it that there is NOT a company courageous and smart enough to offer the public total absolute free phone and text messages??? TextNow reclaim your POTENTIAL, lot of people are still counting on you. If you only knew.
I don't get my notifications when I receive a message. Sometimes I do but sometimes I don't..!
Removing SMS capability..... Great way to ruin the app developers.....
Cause of quarrel
You cannot erase your chat forever nor yourself from a group group me keeps a back log no privacy beware
they do not care about your privacy, and the ui sucks.
I like the idea of GoupMe but there's so many bugs in the app. If you
No doubt.. It matters privacy.. we expect some essential features those no need our statistics or even single datum.
Like most other longtime users of this app, I'll be deleting it when the sms support is dropped. No need for a messaging app working only with a subset of my contacts.
This is an amazing app but the recovery process needs help. I had to create a new account because I accidentally deleted the app. Make sure to remember all your codes!!!
Thanks again for your help
Latest release feels like they changed things just to change things. The old UI was way more intuitive and, more importantly, responsive. It can take seconds for the server list to load and picking a server is cumbersome. I'm not the most accurate tapper but I've never had an issue with the previous UI
Refusing to update untill you allow users to switch back to the original GUI if they wish.
They need to bring the older update back the new one is only fit for aesthetic purposes. It only looks nice other than that it's terrible now. It crashs when I get it to fullscreen, it's super laggy on mobile and I wish they would focus on preventing it be like this.
Display Issues I am unable to view the posts. They are large and half off the page. I can't post due to the menu scrunched in a single column with the words/options to big to read.
Was doing great but now it keeps closing as soon as I open it!
Unable to login to my account even after so many reattempts. New login detected. Check email. Message every time
Io keep preserves sssfxfrefxztd♎♌♌♌ ttexfxdoxct
Long delays in delivering messages, even to other Signal users. The many troubleshooting suggestions available do no address the problem.
I open the app and my messages disappeared it wants me to get a new number and I just used it last night so I don't know why it did that. I'm so sad I can't even choose my number no more...what's going on
Takes to long for this app to load to your phone, all you do is wait and wait for the app to load.
Very organized
App isnt responding
This app is wonderful just what I needed 😃!!!
It's good I love it I'm addicted to it texting my friends all day but the reason I gave it 4 stars beacuse it's glitching always and kicks me out the app for no reason so please fix this!
The latest update broke the notifications, no matter what I do I won't get get notified of new messages and before the automated response says so no I don't have discord on my PC. Only my phone and I would submit a ticket if your website deemed to recognize my email and password as when I try and reset my password I never get an email to do so and no it's not in my spams folder...please fix the notification problem asap.
Look, a lot of people are review bombing but this is genuinely a problem. The app feels a lot less accessible now, the share dialog is a busy unreadable mess now and things that used to be easy to do like sliding to see who was online or on the server are gone. I felt like I was finally enjoying the UI layout that you had before the update after hating it for a while because of how different it was. But, now that I am used to the old version this just feels like an uninformed slap to the face.
New UI makes everything slower and more complicated. Just switch back yo the old one...
Painfully slow.
Its the worst. Why can't you receive verification codes but you can only if you pay for it? I'm just going to stick with text now. Don't waste your time
Skype is very very nice calling aap
Yooo unupdate this 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Calls keep dropping after a minute or 2
I will find whoever made this new UI
Ok I had problems at first but then I figured it out by getting new # & I dig texting 4 free to phillipines but it lags sending or receiving text
As a 5t6
Its good i used it on differenf devices, but when i use it on my tablet it wont, it doesnt let me sign in or sign up, please fix this because I had a very important phone call and it woud decided if i was good or not.
i love that it doesn't have the option of showing if your online or your last seen i like it people don't need to know when you connect and when not so i like that part i love that it got updated to being able to upload stories i like it the only thing ive noticed is that if you upload a story and you only have 10 contacts at the time of the upload and agter you add a contact that new contact can't see your past story its a bummer but not a big deal but if it can,be fixed it would be great
New layout is terrible. It used to take a swipe and a click to do things that now take 2-3 additional moves. And I've stopped getting notifications entirely this blows.
I love the call things
Hidden charge options for example that are necessary for keeping ones phone number and eliminating adds, far too expensive at monthly not yearly.
This app is awesome. Crystal clear sound quality. No audio distortion voices come out clear.
This app will record all audio on your phone at all times even if you don't allow microphone permissions on the app and turn off the mic on your phone. Sketchy
No good cant hear
Tha whole Social Screen is amazing
Mostly the voice is clear
very usuful!
I love it but the ads
Nice to be secure
Do not get notifications letting me know I have a message. Would not rate at all.
Lost all my minutes for no reason.had lots . drops so many calls
I"m thrilled to have access to commuinacate with the Women's groups & churches that use Zoom.
Crashes every time I try and open it
Doesn't connect to Bluetooth headset
This app sometimes freezes up and I can't receive or send messages
Nice way to communicte
This is an easy and user friendly way to communicate with a large specific group of people.
Please revert the updated UI. This used to be the most smooth and easy to use UI I've used, the changes made everything load significantly more slow and there are were more button pushes required to do the same things. It's significantly less intuitive to use. This app was great because the PC version was so similar to the mobile version. If you use one you can easily use the other. Now the mobile app is completely different and worse off
I was on a phone call and when I hung up it said I purchased something? I didn't AUTHORIZE any purchase from you people. So I suggest you cancel any purchase from me because it was not authorized. Star
Thank you for the free number love it's app.
Good app but quite temperamental...also, the password reset feature doesnt work, after typing the email address, the Update Password button does nothing! Also, if a phone is screen-locked, by the time one types the password and unlocks it to accept, the call, the call would have been missed already
Thanks for the application
I've had this app for over a year. It has been fine however after the new update it constantly freezes and logs me out. The most frustrating part is it's constantly begging me to do this review which I have done several times at a five star rating however due to my level of frustration I'm gonna have to drop it off a couple stars. Please fix!!!
New ui was just forced on me and it is confusing and unattractive, it isn't user friendly. There was nothing wrong with the old layout. If discord gave the option toggle between the layouts to give users a choice I think most people wouldn't be so upset by it.
App doesn't let me know when someone textes
It was good a long time ago
I love talking to my friends and making some during covid. 10/10!
This is trash app i just join a 2 expired link and its not working again change that or else discord will turn to 2.1rating
Been using Doscord for years but in the most recent updates it seems to have trouble loading messages. I have full connection, whether I'm on wifi or 5G, and when I get a notification for a new message, I open the app only to find it "Connecting..." for forever. Closing and reopening the app seems to fix it but there is no reason it should have trouble loading messages if it has already been open and is just idle. Please fix this, it is very annoying.
good I have no complaints
Awful full of imposters and scammers
It's really good because it doesn't have any background Music so you can hear perfic5ly
Simple and easy to use.
Great app to chat with friends and talk about stuff
Seems like they deleted my negative review. But ads are incredibly invasive right now. Sometimes forcing you to click them to continue, taking up the whole screen, and bringing you straight to the store.
Freezes,never works, constantly telling me I need to change my number even though it's being used.
It's the best messaging app ever. They should try so number can be hidden
I have the same problem as ryan davis
The made the UX even worse More button presses to do things and it looks more annoying
App will not open. Uninstalled and reinstalled and still the same issue...
Not a bad app. Gets me out of a tight spot not having data on my phone. Would recommend to anyone who wants a backup number, or just to keep in touch with people you may not want having your number. Not a great app, but not bad. It does its job.
Its perrrrfect
Need more connection
new ui is bad revert the changes
discord having lot of bug lately :/
it would be great if you could mute chats for 24hrs like you can on the apple version .
Consume battery alot and heating while video calls
Please do not allow playing videos of recorded once while in call
Hey! Did u guys get my message? oh probably not cuz i can't send any! Lol OK thanks bye
My Signal ever since the latest update keeps on crashing. I can only use Signal Desktop. I've already uninstall and reinstalled the app and it still keeps crashing. Please fix this?
Does this app tell anyone else good morning ? Curious as to why if so.
Takes forever to send text
It's OK
Quick and dependable. I would like to be able to share longer videos.
It was awesome but it stopped sending texts to other people!!! This its the only app that I know of that doesn't use SMS and it doesn't even work
Calls drop to much
it's sucks message don't come in or go out and can't make any calls
Great amazing good app!
Repeatedly asks for verification, about every 5 minutes
Is not working at all on my Cell phone but works well with my laptop
I can't update it propley
It only works when im connected to the internet which defeats the purpose of having the app. If i had internet i would just use messenger or snap chat.
I've never used a messaging that works so bad like this god I'm really really frustrated with this
It's laggy and slow in my device . 🥺🥺
The ads bro
it was smooth in the beginning, now its just laggy. images and videos wont send, trying to check servers is also laggy, its crashing more than the older version and sometimes i wont even get notifications that someone messaged me, or messages are extremely delayed from when they were originally sent.
The sound quality is very poor and very quiet, no only on this device but several different devices. Developers need to pay attention to the audio quality ASAP. There's no point in using the app if you are unable to hear anything.
Since a reason update, I receive no notifications on my phone. I have every notification for discord turned on in the settings and notifications in general on. Nothing works. I've even uninstalled and reinstalled.
How do I update Skype?
NETWORK GROUP
Can't open text app
It's good but sometimes when I need verification codes I literally have to pay and I'm not wasting money just to get codes.
I really love this app and it privacy 🔏
New UI is so bad, why did you change it? It worked fine. I don't even want to open the app anymore.
We'll it was good until the recent update. Laggy, glitched out and now I can't even send my buddies messages. Broken
Very nice 👍👍👍👍 apps
its very nice app
the msjs wont send fast  and it will foreclosed
Easy n free
I love groupme so much it is a w app for me and my teamates
It appears to be working
Used as 2nd # it performed well wirh other aps.
Does not work to join group chat
Not bad. It does what you need it to do.
Love this app.
Add online or last seen .who can see your profile picture or status option features
They really messed up with the latest app update because I can't switch pages.When I click on another section,it registers the switch but it stays on the same page.
Everything is good 😊. Only one request. PLEASE update this app with Last seen feature.
It is a great app but I hate all the ads I'm getting
It seems to work good
Slow I'm trying buy minutes keep telling to install get free minutes
I like it a lot but idk how to add bots on my server with my phone, like ones that have good commands
I have tried repeatedly to get on GroupMe with my church. I have asked for help and I did not get it. Disappointed.
I don't get the notifications for when someone texts me and  it sometimes it doesnt send texts...Other than that it's amazing!
Great app. Incredibly useful until the fateful day it decides to randomly, without warning, RESET EVERYTHING and you can no longer access any message you've ever sent or seen. This has happened multiple times. Incredibly frustrating. Incredibly stupid. Making me and my fellow users look elsewhere.
I just hate texting I'm going back to a normal flip or slide phone no internet but it's good for teens when your paying there bill ! Lol
Recent updates have made this app a buggy mess. I can't switch between servers and dms without relaunching the app due to constant freezes.
After the update keeps crashing. Please fix your app asap, not working right
I have to keep reinstalling the app because it stops notifying me 😡
Didn't work and I couldn't call or text my friends and when I did try to call them it would deny the call straight away and my friends wouldn't get it.
It's been great for our church group!
Great ease and ultimate privacy
It has been working smoothly but lately I haven't been able to see any profile pics or server pics. Voice messages too won't load from my wifi, but when I switch to mobile data it appears. There's no issue with my wifi as it's working well on other devices. kindky help me resolve it
there is always an issue especially after updates. End up using Twitter!
This week I missed several notifications due to the app not alerting me even though alerts were set to on. I had to spend an hour working thru this issues these missed messages caused me. Lesson learned I cannot count on this app. This almost affected my grade in a bad way!
Discord is a powerful tool to have at your disposal, however the latest series of updates seems to have caused issues for many various users myself included. And what is suggested to do to alleviate these hard issues has not been working. Therefore I suggest caution and see if your particular device and OS are experiencing such issues.
Used the app for around 4 years, its nice. The new layout took some getting used to. A main problem have I is the swipe to reply being in the same motion as the edit text thing. Yeah its a lot faster, but annoying.
Good but online show feature add is important
Top Class
It works so well. It has a very nice app icon and there's no problem about sending ang receiving messages. And it has all the access when it comes to messaging.
Great communication for the large group. All the ladies on our women retreat were able to stay in touch while traveling to Destin, FL, for shopping and exploring.
it's actually fun cause of the new update!
I've only used it for a day so far but it's pretty good and I can call anyone from my contacts and they dont even have to have textnow!!
I have loved this app for well over a year now but dropping SMS messaging is kind of a deal breaker for me. I don't understand this move at all. I have a core group of folks who use signal but it's definitely the minority of my contacts. Now I need two messaging apps? This is a bad move in my opinion.
I can send SMS but can't receive anything, it is not the first time. Samsung Galaxy S4 4.4.2
Always have problems logging in and I hate how I can't get pics
It's ok for now. I hope they get 4G LTE soon.
I love this app but the ad banners make it a bit laggy could you please add an option to remove this even if it costs a dollar or two it would be well worth it unless there is something else making it lag this is my go to app for texting when I'm at home BC I have no cell coverage at my house
Really disappointed used to love the sap and bought the annual subscription every year but they've changed it to a weekly locking rate and if that's not upsetting enough I had purchased the no ads but since the same updates for weekly rates came the ads up comeback
i like this app a lot
Good stuff actually
Actually, this app is cool i did so much for it :D
Best free WiFi text n call app there is ty
that comes on my phone allows me to turn off vibrations so that I only get
So I had an issue when traveling, and contacted support. 3 days now and still no update, and not even any kind of message on what's going on. Definitely cannot use this for anything more than fun. --- Emailed as mentioned, but again radio silence. No reply. Totally unreliable.
Interesting UI
Fix the bugs, can't send or reply to friends. After entering chat window few things happen. Either send button goes away or can't send messages cos send button isn't working. Can't quit chat window either.
Good all around. Some aspects from pc discord is either missing or hidden.
This app pretty much saved my life when it comes to being cut off from my previous carrier by toxic family, and not being able to afford another carrier. $2 for a SIM? Saved my life I KNOW I can pay to be ad-free, but I don't have an issue with ads. I have an issue with your add placement, and how ads pop up. It shouldnt even be legal for an add to pop up where my finger was just typing, moving my keyboard to open an ad. Now an ad is opening a new tab on my phone on its own? Fix placement.
i purchased lock in number and every week for the two months i had it, i would get a constant msg everyday every 10 mins saying..we're sorry but we are unable to process your payment...even though the payment would always come out of my account..i ended up cancelling because its annoying and its been over a month and im still getting the same msg plus a constant msg saying..dont lose your number to inactivity, eventhough i use my number all day everyday..
This App is really really awesome and so incredibly cool too WOW you guy's totally Rock too most definitely yeppers
Not impressed with this app at all!!It takes forever to download...I want to use it but it doesn't download at all!!Make a plan guys...this is very frustrating!
It is a good group app for sharing information.
I wouldn't be without skype. Crucial for international business calls, airlines, hotels etc
I am not getting notifications when I get a message on this app. It has been great for several years but has recently become unusable. Please fix and I will gladly review again.
I am bumping my review up a star as the previous update seems to have fixed a good number of the performance issues. I will update this review with more stars if they stay fixed.
The texting was great, quick but the calling did not work AT ALL.
Used to be good, but every call has a problem with the other person not hearing me after a short time.
messages dont always show when they come in
Some times superb......otherwise worst app
(Entire review has been edited to be more helpful) with the recent updates, discord has been simply hard to navigate through, I felt as if the old ui was much better and convenient.
It uses a lot of data.
It works but the pop ups are extremely annoying and make it hard to recommend. There are much better options.
Dont really care for this.
The new UI sucks and it's VERY AWFUL i wish you discord return the old UI.
This app changed the number I've been using over a year , and I didn't even know it. I never requested a number change.
Gonna need that sms support, chief
It wored good than wouldnt open
Every time I refresh the app my entire number changes, completely defeating the entire purpose of the app. Why is this app even on the play store? Locked me out of the app, worst app ever screwed me over completely because I did not realize the number changes every time you leave the app. Horrible app
Great tool to communicate with a group. It's a little hard to set up if someone doesn't already have the app.
It suckered your service is not worth even downloading
Call quality is good for the most part. I havent tried it with this latest update, however, before the update, calls would either drop, get staticky ot just not go through at all. Hopefully this app remedies that. Then you will get the fifth star.
My notifications are all turned on and it doesnt make my phone ding or vibe unless im actively using the app. Also i cant find anywhere online or on the app where i can pay to remove ads. Otherwise its very good at what it was designed for.
its not working after download.
i like using discord to chat with my friends but after the newest update, there are way too many bugs.
UI has been updated to an awful state. That was fine when we still had the good UI to revert to, but that option was removed. Looking forward to the next app to come along so we can swap on desktop as well.
There is no last seen and online status Option
Trash ui Bring old ui back.
Thanks to the founder
why does it take me hear when i accept a server invite and already have the app installed
Since 10 days, voice msgs are not audible even after reinstalling the app
Greet Service for phone or tablet lose one call the other
All the attractive cool features are either under nitro subscription or under server boost packs. And also mobile activities take a lot of time to load.
Really good system but I cant access my acount that I made on the computer because I used facebook and it doesnt show any way of signing in with facebook
It doesn't work all that well
I've had my text free app for a while and I just bought the new ZTE Max "Phablet" and I installed the app and then right away when I open it , it crashes and this is entirely inconvenient..I text my boyfriend from Canada off that app and I love it! I don't wanna have to use text plus. I was hearing that the text free app isn't up to date yet so thats why it doesn't function well on the phablet, is that true? If so then I should just install the text plus app now..
Works great for me. I even use the free version!
just wish it keep my old text
nice and easy to use. cuts down on text message use!
Still learning. But so far I'm doing well.
Since more than two weeks now I can't use skype, choppy sound, I can't hear anything. I have the latest version. Please help!
Doesn't rotate camera. "Support" is some weird guy who thinks the solution to everything is uninstall, clear cache, reinstall old version from shady website, and use outdated unsecure drivers. He's been giving that same advice foe this problem for 3 years!! What a joke! Dude, just fix the damn camera rotation in your app.
The only thing I have a problem with is for some reason I dont get notifications for one of my groups so I have missed important messages
The entire app just.. breaks. I'll open discord, try and call someone, and the call screen will just be smushed and half missing, and if I leave it, I then can't access the call screen at all. It then takes multiple restarts until it finally decides to load properly. This glitch also effects image loading. So, discord, I hope you learned that changing the UI which wasn't as broken to something worse was a horrible mistake which I hope you reconsider and change back to how it used to be.
It won't let me sign up because it says it's an error
Horrendous performance and terrible user experience.
Secure! Good!
The provision to star the messages as well as edit the sent msgs would help. Many features are good.
Spammed everyday for not using your number
constantly glitches now, doesn't connect to calls and erases/ prevents picture transfers
Always a solid connection....
Good for calls and text.
Could you guys not mess.up the good things about the app for instance you made the mobile apps UI terrible it used to be good but now it's not as of latest update now it's hard to traverse the server list and servers you want to go to and you can't check the server list anymore like you used to be able to
It's much harder to create a group than in WhatsApp.
My contact info has been hacked/sold for solicitation purposes through this app along with other members
Not able to uninstall
G@a@azza@a@azzaz@af5 have fun though
Its very useful and helpful. Met a lot of friends there
Very good , more private way to keep in twitch groups of ppl😎
Hi it won't allow me to register
It sucked uninstalling it
Great experience after using number of apps, add free, clear voice quality
Doesn't allow you to easily search for a user.... Has a search bar but it's for finding groups, not people. This app is dumb. Don't download this
Fairly good app with one main issue: App won't let me answer 50% - 75% of incoming calls. I have to decline the call (sometimes not allowed), or wait for caller to disconnect. Then I have to wait an unspecified amount of time (varies wildly) for a text to come in telling me that I missed a call and then the app will allow me to call them back! Please fix. Other issue is call stability if you're using Wi-Fi to connect during inclement weather.
I love talking with my friends on signal
It has network issue
Meed a widget!!
Hate the new UI changes. The entire app, even switching channels in a server is far slower than before. Much more difficult to carry on two conversations than before
The call breaks when we are just talking and the games break or don't load in multi-player. I've been a long time fan of discord but it has so many issues. But there are many possibilities that could make this app better.
It's a scam Don't make any purchases they will sell all of your credit/debit card information they did it to me a couple days later, I had purchases I had never made on my card.
Its not bad but I've tried to log back in to my account and says that It is invalid. Then I tried to make a new one says something about a new verification code and never sent it to me so I'm not sure if this is a bug or it is really backed up but I might not use it again
No fuss
The new app update is horrible. It is bogging down my phone and it is showing the wrong chats constantly. It is also just crappier and slower.
It's like they're trying to kill the app. We don't need bs stories. We do need sms support.
Yes I'm in
Still need a lot of improvements and more features.
This app stinks I made a number and its not an actual number I can't sign up to any other app it always says invalid it really stinks!
For the most part it's a good app, I use it when my phone is off. So as long as I am near wifi, it serves its purpose. But right now I'm between jobs, so I've been relying on the app a little more. But my issue is that, even though I understand that you say it's for security reasons, I can't sign up for certain work apps cause I can't get the code unless I pay for the app. It's frustrating because sometimes I can get a code, then other times I can't.
Notification overload!
I'm still exploring but so far it's been pretty good.
🤫 This app so best and safe
Great app My only problem with it is the ads that have to pop up after every call
Good phone
Signal used to work well. Then a few months ago there was an update. All of my messages disappeared, and now my screen is empty. The group chats which I was part of have all disappeared and I don't know how to get them back! Very aggravating! Lost all kinds of things that were important information to me.
Unable to create an account tried like a 100 times through Microsoft account, Google, Facebook everything but it doesn't and neither the customer support is doing anything
In the first time the discord work very well but now I can't connect to it it say connecting but don't open please answer me
Good app but sometimes lagg too much
It only works on wi-fi or mobile data. The secure texts should also work with normal SMS messages (without internet connection), but it doesn't...
Displays phone numbers???
I loveD Signal. Having an all-in-one app where I could have secure comms with other Signal users AND still text people who aren't (and never will be) users because they don't care about security was great. But with the end of SMS support, using Signal is a hassle. I have to think about whether a given friend is on Signal or not when I go to text them. This is a poor decision by the dev team - elevating best security over usability will just bleed users and make us all less secure in the long run
This app freezes a lot
wish we could use the network up here in northern Canada
Who wants two texting apps?
Worst app! Doesn't even allows the person to view himself. Uninstalling it right away!
DND! Stream for free! Tried discord for dnd screensharing. It wasn't great, appearing that the shared screen would not update if not focussed on it (although this might have been the vtt) Went back to Zoom. Thought that would be the end! Now Zoom has 10min cool down per 40min call... Tentatively, I went back to Discord. Best decision ever. We now have places for group inventories, session notes, and general chat. Thanks Discord (and sorry we didn't give you a chance sooner!)
I never receive notifications until I open the app recently (I tried a ton of things to fox it, like disabling battery optimizations, with no luck). I'm also not a fan of the giant Skype button that was added to group chats. It's an eyesore and I think it would be better hidden in a menu.
While my phone is temporarily disconnected, my daughter to me to get Pinger so I can text to keep in touch with friends and family as long as I am in WiFi range. I thought Yay! I do like that I have unlimited texting, but I HATE that I can't make phone calls! I absolutely would have given 5 ⭐if I could call friends and family.
I am very thankful for this or I would be without one ty very much
App is problem
It's OK I guess
It dose not ring through when you get a phone call
Stopped working after awhile
Worst experience stuck problem
It looks like they fixed the texting issue, so I'm updating my rating, giving it one more star. Now they just need a more pleasing interface.
I hv been using Discord since last few months and it's was okay untill today ( 7.11.2023 ) It started to crash and restart , I can't see any messages , I hv updated it , got rid of as much as memory I can , cleared caches but it's still not fixing , I hv tried to turn my Android on and off but still no result. It's my humble request to fix the bugs , I hv many people there and don't want to lose them , Thanks You.
Generally OK, but Skype is hacked from time to time, thus I receive spam.
My messages don't load properly or at the right time sometimes, I don't have a notification until hours later or until I log into the app again
Messages always get through. Calls are clear and I never have a problem with video. I don't have any meta apps in my life anymore. And I don't miss them. I donate money and I get my family to use SIGNAL
thanks a da
First I wasn't receiving my messages until I logged out and back in and now I can't even open the app.... Plz Fix A.S.A.P
IT IS THE MOST LAGGY TEXTING APP I HAVE EVER USED!!! when your in a call that sounds like a dieing goat lol, but in all serious ness this app sucks
A lot of improvements in two years. However, when having block of pictures it would be great to have a option to delete few pictures from the block. Now, it is only all or one by one.. Cumbersome.
The app is good but I can't verify my phone number. So after signing in I can't access my account
It helps me connect with other small groups. I can also message individually. Some improvements could be made on it.
I haven't used this app
Incredibly inconsistent with Bluetooth headphones. I can only get my Bluetooth headphone mic to work when I test the voice sensitivity.
To bad that they are dropping support for sms in the app. Since so few still use signal, this will probably cause me to stop using signal and just use sms to everyone since it will be hard to convince anyone to use the app.
Listen. I love Discord. It's convenient and I've made new friends. But I despise this recent update. Everything is wrong! It's hard to navigate my stuff on mobile now. Personally, I think there should be a way to choose the format. I prefer the old format on Android, it was much easier to navigate and made everything better. I can have multiple conversations going on, and having to constantly go back is so much harder than just having a button.
To many glitches
Why charges with international calling.
Voice Audio not loading...
well this is my first time using this text now ,I can't believe how good this works there are no one bothering you I can use it as much as I need to and the best of all they are not a big bill at the end of the. month.howcan you beet that
This app is rubbish... You can't even create an account, Everytime something wrong has occurred.. rubbish app, don't download please
Very poor quality and they want u to pay
As soon as  I updated the app it stop working..
It is fun and useful and there is so much creativity. But hackers are really bad though.
backspace is pressed!
It stopped working since I updated it plz fix the bug
Would be perfect, except it randomly does not give me notifications when I get a DM.
Not free txt, gotta pay $9 to do anything...
After recent updates it becamenot so simple to navigate. Impossible to explain to my dad how to find his previous contacts or add them to favorites or where is that list of favorites. Unhelpfull shi.t..y interface. Too complicated. Keep your  new UI if somebody needs it but make alternative simplified option to which old people could switch simple way!!
Its effed up now..so much glitches every few minutes ever since it is getting upgrade in past few months
Add option in which we can delete our chat only excluding media files
All of a sudden my phone just kept saying that it's connecting and it's just stuck that way. I've tried everything and I'm so confused it was working fine yesterday.
Not send confirmation code in your no. I'm frustrated this 0 rating app
It's not letting me open anything. None of my servers are working.
The new call UI is ugly and annoying. Who decided having your video preview be square, auto-minifying and split screening the other person when they're using a different app, the eye-sore bright colour background, and not being able to have the other person and their stream split screen are good ideas?
Are dropping sms messages and this app will only work if other person has signal app also. A big mistake, most friends quit the app after notice and I will have to go to another message app so most of my contacts can get my texts. Was good until they told us dropping all sms apps.
This has no free minutes. U have to earn ur minutes. Very deceptive!
Help!!my phones under attack without a sim card
My calls are very poor
I NEED THIS APP BUT... I lost access to my phone number that i had locked in and was very important and my email also required that phone number in order to log into it so it locked me out of both and I have no customer service that I can contact through the website in order to get access to my account that has very Vital Information that I need to access
Old review circa 2020 Ive used this app for going on four years. Ive met some really amazing people and seen some pretty phenominal things. update: 2022, still using this bish update 2023: still going strong
notifications are allowed. Pretty disappointed.
I like this app to send my messages
Surviving homeless without mobile network plan active. Was so devistating and hard to work with jobs, make anykind of money. So just using text now, while roaming around seeking faree mobile internet at local businesses and local city parks and recreation centers password unprotected Wi-Fi. Helped me survive since i was introduced to Textnow in 2016. I give Textnow three stars if i get emailed that i am eligible to have my current sim card revert into a Textnow coverage plan i give five stars!
Absolutely abysmal and unnecessary UI update.
Bummer! The April '23 update failed and Signal interrupted my normal cell use. I ended up losing all my data. I had important work data (personal records only) I contacted developers. Waiting.
The new layout ruined the app. It needs to be rolled back or at least make it optional, as it stands now the app is considerably more clunky and non-intuiative. It's just not really worth using in it's current state.
It's A good app👍👍
it wont let me verify the account no matter what I tried
"Account not created" is the only thing it says to me after completing sign up, and the only button on the whole screen is "ok"... great thanks for nothing
Won't send pictures.
I won't even waste time to mention the chronic lags during chat nor the mis-synchronizations with other clients app on desktop etc. I can cope with that so far. But now a new frustration : each time I logout and choose the app to remember my login details, it systematically doesn't remember them and I have to put them back at logon. I remarked the same, but less systematic, behaviour on the destop client apps. You doesn't seem to be able to get any chat app right, do you ?
It's 👍
I used to love this app. Now they changed the interface and won't even let you change the colors back. This app has become genuinely painful on my eyes to use. I cannot use it for longer than five minutes at a time. All of the color options are too high contrast for anyone like me who may be sensitive to that. And since they changed the layout entirely at once, I'm running into double the bugs and glitches I used to, many that are frustrating enough to just shut down entire conversations.
this app is playing up on my phone and i even uninstalled it and reinstalled it and ot just keeps freezing so it's definitely the app and not my phone please fix this!
No stars for u I hate this ad
I just don't like the ads
Improved much over the 2 years (since my last review)
Started lagging all the time, can't call only text!!!
There must be some kind of brain damage in management. Can otherwise understand why they dropped SMS support.
Was a good app at first now my group messages don't send to the group I'm sending emailed support but no response
This hlep out alot whit court n more think you
A great way to communicate with groups over 20 pp.
This app keeps getting worse and worse. I downloaded early this year and with every update the app has something stops working. I currently do not receive messages when they are sent and my messages are being sent. Messages go through like hours later. I also have issues with answeothe incoming calls. 2 out of 10 calls I can answer. I have to decline the call then call them back... Signal must have a challenge to see how long I can keep using them... 🙄
Gosh the new update is awful. Half the time it doesn't function and only displays the same channel despite opening other ones even when changing servers. When you open DMs they are scrolled up 20 messages and need to scroll to see the most recent ones. The UI is confusing and doesn't make sense to just not keep the desktop one since I switch between the two regularly. Half thought out and a quarter developed 'update' that broke a perfectly working app and UI
I wasted money adding minutes to use this stupid ass app. It wouldn't let me make calls then took my damn minutes saying add more. I want my minutes or my money back. Have no problems taking legal action.
When are gonna be able to add videos on group me for androids?. adding a dislike button would be great.
I love this ❤️ app
The app sucks. It doesn't ring at all and sends my caller straight to voicemail.
Great app for networking and connecting with others.
It was good my first time I didn't know what to do like a kid and my grand daughter did not now how to fix it
I open and I crashed.
Thanks for ugly UI
I like it but you guys should make it so that people can FaceTime easier and you guys should make it like iphone messages and so that it says read when someone reads their messages!!!
nothing but scammers.
I can not watch a stream while voice call. Please send help
Only given so many minutes and then have to pay for more. it's also kind of slow. my cousin sent me a pic from her other app and it took 4 hours to receive the image, even though we were sending texts in between and they were instant.
absolutely a life saver as I've been out of work injured and can't pay my bills but as embarrassing as that may be having a free way to make calls and texts is amazing.
Has bad connection
Horrible. Too many ads. Blocks text messages and makes you pay for the premium version
Had to uninstall as Signal have announced they will no longer be supporting SMS messaging. As predominantly used Signal for sending such, there is no reason to use it any further.
It hasn't failed me yet in the past
Amazing design and ideas that are integral to communcate properly and with organisation. However, the new UI update is absolutely awful; It's a hassle to navigate, makes things unnecessarily complicated and I have a sneaking suspicion that it is the cause of the new-found lag and slowness I experience when operating discord, however, I know that I will continue using discord to communicate will all my friends, create servers for my games and to talk to people about any topic I wish to.
fun if u have roblox and its sooo fun
I hid my group by mistake, archived I guess. It does not give me the option to unhide or take out of archive
I was logged out and can't log back in. I use the service daily but I was forced to choose a different phone number because I didn't use the service enough. Wich is false. If this can't be fixed promptly, I will be forced to cancel the service. Oh and by the way... I've read other reviews by people that are having the same issues and your response is always the same. " The issue has been resolved" Well I can tell you right now that the issue has not been resolved and this is not the first time.
New search filters are broken
Constantly hangs up when partner is calling from jail rings u answer then the app cuts out and hangs up on him becoming really frustrating happens 2-3 times a day
Good Want us
Good for future users
It's good and it's private
Good mainly 4 texting. Call quality could b alot better as it often drops calls, breaks up voices & static. As far as sending & receiving pics, its 2 confusing. Need to b able 2 text the message first, then select a # 2 text.  Needs to be a bit more smaller in size bcuz it takes up alot of memory/space for such a simple app. Thier should be a compatible app for diff devices, such as tablets. Also maybe a bit more app settings too.
help why is it always saying "connecting" everytime i open another channel/dm/server?? i checked my wifi & it isnt the problem, my messages wont even send on time
Terrilble on amazon tablets
Every time I use a call its ended after 5 min and I have to call again, and after 5 min talking it stops again and after 5 min again, very frustrating. So I used messenger for longer calls, while I just want to delete it!!!
or not
Not bad great addition to jarvis
WHAT HAPPEND TO AMOLED MODE?!?!(The fully black theme) PLEASE ADD IT BACK!!
Getting rid of sms support was probably the dumbest decision that could have possibly been made. I get the desire to force people to be more secure, but as countless others have said, this only hurts adoption.
it is great but lots of work to get on to
Good, everything went well very happy with the system. Don't care about the ads at all
The best🙃
This application doesn't login in oppo f11 pro.. So what I do for login
I beg you please revert the redesign. This is an awful user interface.
its good app took alittle getting use to
Super garbage trash lying apparently
Pretty good i just wish I had kept my numbers.
Something doesn't feel right when I have to toggle the microphone permission after every time I actually call somebody in order to use my Mic for anything else
I cannot create a new account reCAPTCHA is not letting me go away i can't use it anymore, reCAPTCHA isn't solvable
Couldn't send chats
App was 5 stars before the ads but i understand. Ads interfere when I'm texting, phone calls are a little delayed but I've learned to talk through it.
After downloading the app it keep saying my phone number is unable to be detected. Please see to my complaints
won't let you receive verification codes without paying $10
BETTER in every way than rcs and Google Messages. Too bad that it can no longer be default texting app.
Great app for free service just watch ads for mins
Have to pay to receive any verification texts. Long time user that's now uninstalled.
Been using this for a year but since the last two updates all it does is freeze and f"*# up , can't make calls can't do anything, pathetic, uninstalling and looking elsewhere
it's slow but I still get my text and calls but the calls are laggy too
Good app for texting. Phone calls volume is way too low and i had to place on speaker to even get a glimpse of any sound.
Discord on mobile is really convenient. However, a consistent problem I always run into it is the notifications– there are times where it works but more often than not I would completely just miss messages because the notifications just happen to randomly stop working.
very hard to set up
I legitimately despise this app. It has gone severely downhill and they no longer care about what they're doing.
Ive been encountering bugs where i can't hear people,i can't speak and I can't upload files, please fix this bug as quickly as possible
clear call reception
I like this app alot. I think it's a great app especially for those who are struggling financially. Or students in college. When I had my other phone the app worked alot better. Now that I have a different Android, I have experienced calls constantly dropping, ads popping up in the middle of a phone call and the call will end. I know it's not this phone because I had another Android and it does the same thing. Please fix these issues please. Thank you.
It is a ok app
It won't even let me log in on my galaxy s9+ 🤦🏻‍♀️
I was on my tablets home screen and it just called someone on its own i was not even on the app
Pretty good app but now glitchy since the most recent update and "support" is a useless auto-reply. Would be 4 stars if not for the glitches and poor CS. No way to talk to a human. The auto-reply suggested my issues were due to not having the newest version 5.49.3 (I do)... My issue is: messages don't send or come in without me repeatedly resetting things by closing and reopening the app. Very frustrating. Using WhatsApp in the interim unless someone can actually help fix this for me.
Great opportunity to use textnow without Wi-Fi works both ways. I feel like I'm finally in control of my calls. It's adaptable to any sim card that is in my account.
Great. But sometimes it doesn't ring, & the notifications don't beep or pop up, and yes I do have my notifications on, &yes I have the app running in the background at all times. Plus voice mails are erased after 2 days. & it doesn't have code authentication abilities, it doesn't show my name when I call someone, it doesn't do blocked caller, & it won't show caller ID when called. And the app is detectable by caller id's,
So far it's not so good but time will tell
I forgot all my information and it doesn't have a button where I can get it back. FIX IT!
Privacy matters
The new UI that just came out is really bad, the old one was much more intuitive and was similar to the PC version which makes it easy to switch between the two. Now Discord is trying to copy instagram and every other social media. My muscle memory is also screwed up now.
Worse app I have ever used. It won't let you receive calls or make calls. It does not do what is says it will. Do not download this app is a waste of time and disappointing. If I could give zero stars I would.
1 I tried to get free minutes to use. But it doesn't matter what offer I do or how many videos I watch my minutes never get past 2 minutes. 2 So I decided(which was dumb) to spend .99¢ on 100 minutes but what do you know not even past 2. I'm glad it was only 99 cent. I think I'll be deleting this app now
I am very pleased with the service and support!
The app won't let me update my info and it was good and had to change my phone number and this is ridiculous it won't let me update my info if I have the right login but it was a good app but now 😕 feed up with it
or receive messages. I've tried installing and uninstalling 3 times now to
Doesn't always ring in until the person hangs up then I see I missed a call I pay premium monthly
Someone got my tablet and modified an origwnal v.m. and erased it replaced it with a bogus one how do i get my orignal one
It was a good app but now it has ads everywhere and i cant get rid of them plus it stops working at random times my texts dont go through, it would be one thing if the app told me the texts werent going through, but no i doesnt my texts just dont go through. Yes, i have the lastest update and my phone is compatable with the app. The app has the glitch so please fix this
I live dis app so much
While I have enjoyed using this app for many years, I am really disappointed by the recent UI update to the mobile app. It has only made using the app a clunkier, disjointed experience that is far too sudden of a switch from the previous UI. I have had auto updates turned off for a while now, due to many updates in the past that have made unnecessary changes that only make the app a hassle to use. I would love if Discord reverted back to their previous UI and listened to their userbase.
Used to be a lot simpler to use in the beginning, nowadays there are a lot more features, however I feel that most of them are hardly used and merely clog up the UI and slow down navigation, which makes the app harder to learn for new users. On top of this, the mobile app always seems really buggy, to where I often have to close and reopen it for things to load and display properly.
I'll remove the low rating if the app is changed back to being Skype instead of this wannabe something else. It used to be that I could see who of my contacts were online when logging in, now I get a list of old chats. When checking my contacts, I can't see who's online. Instead, this highlights garbage is being pushed on us. I don't want highlights, I want to see who of my contacts are online.
The only downside is the ads. Other than that, it's pretty good.
It's a nice site have ever seen
There's a bug where I can't reply with any kind of media (Image, GIF, Video) to a specific message/media. Whenever I hold a message/media and press reply and select a media, it says that "replying to X" as it should. But as soon as my reply (which is a media) is sent, it isn't attached as reply to the message/ media which I wanted to reply to. Also there are a lot of servers that whenever I try to boost, it says "Discord has crashed" and tells me to restart the app.
I haet the vetvcsf But it good
Lousy day for me to do it with you if you're interested I can send you the link for it?
Horrible new UI
I don't use it enough to know anything about it
Hardly ever loads!
2024 and this app is still garbage
undo the new ui
i like to use this app,but it is too slow,this couses a bad experience and then uninstall it.what is wrong with it?and i don't use vpn but my friend (live in same country) needs it.why?please do somthing with servers and solve these problems.thank you
This app is great most of the time! The past few days though have been horrible!! I have no idea what is going on but out of no where it has been deleting all of my messages and blocking everyone. People are texting me and I never receive their text. Ive reinstalled a couple times. Changed my password just incase it was hacked but nothing has fixed it. It's looks like I'm going to have to get another app
I want to give you more stars, I really do, but the new.UI needs to go. It's hideous, counter-intuitive, clunky and bugged. Everyone who has my model of phone is unable to undo the new layout because the button to disable/enable it has completely vanished. Please, when releasing updates, test it for bugs first. Not just with iPhones, but with Androids too. Why make your customers suffer?
Sending photo took way too long to send, and sometimes vc dont work
Would give 5 stars but too many ads. That's not what I asked after every phone call. That really sucks. And they give away your phone number after
3 stars because streams won't load :(
Revert the UI, and stop asking me to update my username. I'm staying on v205.15 until the UI is fixed. I'm not interested in the help article that will "help me navigate the changes." I gave the new UI a chance, and it sucks. Listen to your users or they will migrate to apps with devs that listen. I encourage everyone to cancel Nitro, roll back to v205.15 or earlier, leave a 1-star review, and post on the support forum. Revert the UI, and kill the new username policy. Stop making Discord worse.
POS app, don't let it take up room on your phone!
I'm not able to get any ping notification in my recent activity, I have re-installed it like 10 times. Discord team pls look into this matter
Many bugs with the new update, as there's an issue with the sync and keeping everything up to date. Also, I'm no longer receiving  notifications anymore.
Removing SMS is the worst possible decision you could make.
Skype is a great way for me to spend time with my gf every single day since we live too far away. Only reason I'm not doing 5 stars is bc they need to add a selfie illumination option, it sucks trying to video chat at night and have my gf not be able to see me bc it's so dark, and if I have a normal light on, then I can't fall asleep (we always fall asleep together on video calls)
Does what u need it to most of the time witg minimal forced ads
Doesn't give you option to see different groups and requests membership. Was on my Baptist Builders group and loss connections. Can't get reconnected to see post from members. Will have to contact leader and he'll have to reinstate my connection. Why couldn't I quarry Baptist Builders and asked to be reconnected? Don't have a clue how i loss connections. Seen all members post then next day they were gone and can't get back to Baptist Builders. All I seen was list new members.
Was working fine before, but now it keeps restarting and crashing every time I try to text or open it.
Requirs to update very often, don't work with old version.
I bought a 99cent Sim Card Kit a few months ago the app has still got a connection problem but works very good without WiFi. Love it.
It's a fun app to chat and talk with people and make friends, but theres no way to change emails or passwords without knowing your current password. What if you lost your old password to time or your email account doesnt exist anymore? How does discord expect me to change my things when I physically cant.
can't hold a phone call
After saving a video there is no notification bar to track status of downloaded video can you plz add it
Get Number in second
I like the app. But the only problem is my keyboard. It keeps glitching. When ever I want to send a message on my discord, it pops up and goes back down before I can even type anything. It's really getting on my nerves. It only happens like that when I try to chat on a discord server. Pls fix this issue. Or tell me how I can resolve it 😞
It is but you have to add 911 ok
Interesting
I love ❤️ it
Pending use if I ever figure it out
It wont let me buy minutes wy?
I can't select area code, I can't get a phone number.
if you don't spend 10 minutes continually clicking on a contact attempting to open the conversation during a message then you are constantly redirected to the home screen after looking at a blank white loading page for five mins. Slow & full of glitches. Super annoying & time consuming.
TBH I'm too young for these I always chat with a pedophile 💀😱
App is great had a previous 5 star review but it no longer supports sms. So I had to get another messaging app. I don't like it as much. Hopefully Signal will support sms again in the future.
Terrible and unnecessary UI redesign that just made things more unintuitive and less user friendly
settings are correct.
I have been having issues with vc and I cannot speak or hear anyone else in the vc
I'm loving the community texting
fast and honest.u get exactly what app says.,,,,,😁
Don't let your boss hear about this app
The new update isn't working well..i ain't able to send pictures and videos...i can only send messages....i request u to improve this...
Great for affordable calls. But how can dialing numbers be so unbelievably slow? I mean, you have the developers...how can making a phone call smooth be a challenge
Ever since the update, this app has been failing me in so many ways and has become so confusing. It has become very difficult to maneuver the call feature where I could call or video chat friends has become almost impossible to use. If I want to open something, I need to hope that the expand button registers. I'm clicking it because it gets blocked by the speaker button. Not to mention, it just fully bugged out on me and no longer lets me open the call. Please change it back.
The "free" app comes at a steep price. This is my #1 bandwidth user for data, on cellular or Wi-Fi, as it constantly downloads ads. Very annoying telemarketer calls several times a day and it is the #1 battery drain, shortening my battery life to some six hours. Can't recommend it. Nexus 5.
Nice to have
Its been a good time using this app wish the nitro didn't decrease the performance of those who do not wish to purchase nitro but whatever. Latest no #0000 tags update made things worse tbh
I am disgusting. This app made me so angry.
I have tried many many times [yes i'm a chromebook user] and no one can hear me on calls i'vetried as much as I can
My coach has the entire softball team using this app so we can all bo on the same page. The app is great, but the group me team has started to send me scam messages, asking me to click a link to claim an iPhone. My rating would be higher if this went away.
Decent app, except that it seems to provide message notifications selectively. I and some friends in a couple groups have the same problem. The groups are not snoozed, and sometimes provide notifications and sometimes I get a text about something from the group and come to find that I wasn't getting notifications. This seems to be an issue that started over the last few months, can't recall having the problem before but I don't use GroupMe extensively.
My ass itch
Poorly developed. Background colors for nitro users are barely adapted to the screen width (lateral corners can be seen), you can't update your profile banner correctly without your save button rendered useless, it lags more than usual with gif images and when using the record audio feature... Despite the new design being rather esthetic than prior versions, I can barely enjoy it without suffering because of other nuisances like these.
Who the duck uses this app bruh
I hate the new UI.For some reason it refuses to open servers tab from when you are in DMs tab .The new discord app buggier and slower than the old one.
Not showing notifications real time.
The new UI layout is confusing. Also the dark theme makes `code formatting` (backtick) impossible to read as both text and background are white (as opposed to desktop version which is grey).
Good for group projects. Just not sure how to deactivate it after I'm done with it
Just started using it not familiar with it's features
I find this app satisfactory now and a little longer I hope to find the app excellent.
Filing a lawsuit for violation if trust laws.
World's best app
I can't use the app whatsoever... I literally log in and then it shuts me
Great app that has come far. No SMS means making it more annoying for me to talk to people. They shouldn't remove SMS, it's just going to lower their potential user base.
Discord is absolutely amazing apps for social media with other people.. but since this new update, I have occurs problem when live streaming using phone especially for Xiaomi/POCO phone users.. my friends keep telling me that there's no sound audio ingame while I'm streaming playing games/movies.. please fix this problem/issue, I want to have fun with my friends on discord while I'm streaming.. It's sad and disappointing that I see many people also have this same issue nowadays 😢😞
I think text now is a fantastic app
after Android's latest firmware update, GroupMe notifications have been
Limited minutes available for calling.
Good platform to be on besides all the scamming bots. Too many glitches tho which bugs me off. Overall good app
Loses the calls or cuts put when talking.
I used to really like discord but I swear with every update the devs think they're improving their app but in doing so they end up breaking like 50 things that weren't broken that then don't get fixed until the next major update, which as previously stated is making the app less and less usable
Great for long talk
I love this app because you can call anyone family members and I love this app rn
No hassal it gos like this text free is the beast
Account was deleted right after getting a new number
Don't waste your time, another Useless app... if you recive a call they block the number
Always works great.
I'd give it a 0 if I could. The new UX/UI design is anti-productive and creates extra unnecessary menus for navigating. When you receive a message notification you have no idea where it came from. You can't reliably view server member lists anymore (kinda a big deal for server administrators). Genuinely the app feels clunky and horrible to use. And I didn't even talk about the bugs or crashes. Also it doesn't work on 4G. Please revert the recent update changes.
They keep changing my lock in number ive purchased 3 times.
Campus connect doesn't work, and replying to people should be easily added as an option instead having to manually @ someone's name
Slow especially on PC version new Skype completely erased my library of photos with their new slower useless update. Get it if you want and don't have it already but be warned if you haven't updated DON'T.
It's cool
Great way to connect with friends
Very easy to use!!
Met cool friends, easy to talk in game
UPDATED UI is absolutely awful , What was once a perfectly fine App is now so Un user friendly . swipe to left to reply instead of showing the users . Also Force closes itself far too often . Was a 5* now sadly a 1*
I love this app. My phone has performance issues (ppl cannot hear my side of conversation)I was able 2 still use phone for calls with TextNow.
I love this site
One star because it not only has gotten extremely aggressive with ads but now is so buggy to the point of actual unusability, none of my texts were sending and it only notified me 4 hours after the fact, cleared cache, reinstalled app, can't even login with correct password, does not give me any error either, this used to be a great app but slowy and surely has gone very downhill.
OK
Pepper hear echoes
The other person said it's not ringing
Thanks for ruining the app with this new update takes so much time to load everything sometimes the app isn't even working please switch it to old please otherwise I'll have to delete it
I like using this app but please fix it I can't make calls or send text please fix it
This isn't working anymore.
I used to have this app a while ago and remember enjoying it a lot. But
Easy to use and secure
App was way more appealing before this update. Take a page out of Steams UI, if it ain't broke, don't "fix"
App works well. ( Both texting and calling )
Loving this so far
You can never can make out what being said to you
One of the worst apps I have ever used. Calls will be missed without the
It's there when I need & needed it most. MERLIN
Your login process is awful. Why do I need a pin to login if I just changed my password. The app doesn't send the pin at all to my phone.
Voice not clear
Good a pp
The mobile update turned this from a 5 star must have app to me canceling my nitro and soon to be uninstalling
It was chillax
Removing SMS removes any use I had for this app.
Having trouble with the set up
Don't waist your time.
It's ok. I'm able to chat with friends.
It was great to start with but it just stopped and said it was unavailable to carry on
If this verison of signal can be delivered 2years ago, I will give a 5star and response to the donation pop up. But no.
Skype is good but run slow
This is another company that advertizes their service they are offering is free. Then you go through the process of downloading it. You open up the app and start filling out your information that they say is needed then at the end of providing the information to them. You will find out then that are not telling the truth again. And want to charge you 4.95 a month for what is advertised is supposed to be free. I caught you'll in a lie that should be a charge for false advertising.
Layout not great and not user friendly
I am unable to log in my discord account Please fix it 🙏
It keeps saying I can't open it
Nive app but very slow performance web application.
Very good app but takes a lil bit to actually call somone
The newest UI update blows chunks. What in the world were they thinking? I know its mostly the suits in the legal department but this is the kind of stuff that makes people use client mods when your app crashes and doesn't work.
Its too good to use
Ads are bad. Support for the app is worse. Every reply is a bot and i cant talk to a human to fix my issue. They cut my service. Ads ar obnoxious and take up more than half the screen. Clunky UI. Just use TextNow
Lately has been disappointing. Went from 5☆ to 2☆
Hate the new mobile layout😠
It's great
Simple and who doesn't like simple and most importantly FREE
If you send photos Skype shrinks and compresses them so that they look like blocky garbage. That app is slow too.
Intermittent, on Android. Hardly ever shows new message balloons over icon, now not working entirely. Maybe it's a Google interference, who knows.. Technical: not "Ringing" only "Calling", texts show only single check meaning received by server but not delivered to recipient's phone. Too difficult to impossible to submit "Help" inquiries, requires email account. This type of critical error should have error code for troubleshooting online, nothing.
Very useful at times
great app. The flow of the UX could be improved
Effective tool for organizational events
Always drops calls no matter how good my connection is.
Works in a pinch ☺️
Perfect for college students
Very satisfied.
very best massager apps
Pls update msg delivery report and seen then i will gv u 5*****
Too much FB similar.
U owe me money
Updated the app to the most recent version available and in a word, I HATE it. The new look and layout is ugly. When previously shutting the app and then relaunching it, it would open whatever DM conversation I had previously been in (I mostly use the app for DMs, not servers). Now upon launch it seems to be default to the friend list?? No. Huge step backwards. I cannot find Pinned Messages in my DMs anymore. Where are they? The icon is GONE.
Don't get all my message when they come in but it's better than most
WhatsApp is better. If you're worried about privacy use Telegram for something free or Threema for extra security
slow sometimes, but, does what it says,& does it reasonably well
Pretty cool when you have no service ty
Signal has stopped supporting Cantonese language, been a user since the 2019 HK protest and been donating too. Very disappointing. Will donate again when Cantonese is back for us Hongkongers
Skype provides you best quality video calls. I've started using this app during lock down because of online classes and Skype performed very well. There we use to have many online classes and over all it was good. It does have any time boundaries like in zoom. A big disadvantage that i noticed during Skype calls, that anyone can mute or remove other participants during the video conference. And there is no special feature to identify who is removing or muting your voice.
This is better then most group platforms
You broke photos, go back with it Edit: And now you want to delete tags? Why? Discord is unique, that's the good thing about it Edit2: I hate the newest update visually so much. It looks terrible and is not handy at all. Everything is messed up
thoughtl`thoughtlessly ess 15t2 v oo_o g ssssssDdddy 9 assessed the □
It keeps going in and out even while I'm texting the app just goes out, I'd
The new update took away ease of use. Swiping left to see who was online and double tapping to reply to someone was more efficient. Those features would be better as options.
It's not letting me verify my email.
Can't get incoming e
support is automated. They will never help you so if you make any purchase
I've been using this app for years but just this past month I no longer get any notifications even though the app and my phone (galaxy s10) say they are on. I use this for work and for class which means messages can be time sensitive. In addition, sometimes I press send and my message just disappears. It's very frustrating especially since it appears others are experiencing the same problem with no solutions. Please fix this.
They've fixed the awful echos so that's a plus but calls keep dropping
let us turn off proximity sensor during call
Was five stars until announcement of end of SMS support.
It provides the basic conversation for the group, but needs to separate by the day more. It seems it is one continuous conversation.  Fix that.
It should let me write my own number
There have been several times when notifications won't go through for some of the chat groups. I have to click on the group manually befote it loads all the comments I missed. Still love the app, but needs some tweeks.
lowest video quality
ok this app is good and i use it to call some friends
I love this app! I can now chat with other ppl that are friendly!!
Great app very secure, love it!
Oh will time will tell
Have had trouble getting into my account and have requested a reset password email. It's been nearly two hours and no email so I was forced to try my secondary account which I also had to reset the password for, requested email and that one went through immediately. But now I find that I cannot receive verification texts at all unless I pay for service when I could receive them just fine on my other number before I got locked out. Now I can't verify an account I desperately need to access.
Crappy all around, but what upsets me the most is I spend an hour watching
Works great on z fold 5 on both screens
notifications don't always work. they start working again if I own the app
This app has been life saver. Being a single mother there were times the phone bill was last in line and the app is free. Of course you can pay for some convinces, but you can use it for texting and calling. Super easy to set up and easy to use. I'm using it over the mobile network I have and I can have those calls and messages routed through the app. Has been a reliable recovery for mobile use. Love it .
Every time someone calls me my all UI stops working and it get hanged rendering the unavailability of my entire phone. I have the latest version using s23 ultra. Please resolve the issue.
Discord used to be pretty great. Recently, a lot of the interface updates have become very user-unfriendly and straight-up clunky. No one likes this new update. It's bugged and frustrating and unappealing. You've removed a great deal of smoothness from the navigation and it's ungodly frustrating. I just got a bug today where I tried to send an image to a server and it instead sent the image TO MY PRIVATE MESSAGES. Do you have any idea how bad that could be? Please listen to your userbase.
I keep getting kicked out of the app and I have to always sign in the stupid app
Used to be a good app, but now, aside from the not being able to type when discord is in split mode (a highly annoying addition in a previous update), but I feel navigating the app is very counter intuitive. I understand the swipe to reply, but I have to tap so many places and ways to get to things I need (like channel descriptions, pinned messages etc.). Also seeing who sent an unread dm is not that clear? It's not clear which of your chats is unread (only dms, not servers)
New interface is bad design.
its ok works for text not calls
Other party echos, my voice is delayed causing conversations to become pretty confusing and annoying. Otherwise great app for texting, hense the "Text"free.
Can't get rid of verification
It used to work fine but then the update came along and now I cant connect to facebook and do facebook chat >_<!
Change it back.
I have an Android and can't upload pics. Keep getting an error message.
*UPDATE* I uninstalled and installed it back and everything is great now. Can't hear the message tone from incoming messages. 2 days now..and there is no update available and yes my volume is up and loud and still no notification sound
I can not login or sign up!!!¡!!!
My preference for communication.
When a contact has uninstalled signal app, the name still appears in the list for many days.
Worked pretty well at first, but now it will only show my new messages if I open the app instead of posting a notification.
When will android users receive the new emojis?
1 minute is 1 second make it NOOO MINUTED
lmao can't even watch videos in the new update
They changed the ui so I'm downvoting
Very helpful but I wish it works on WhatsApp too
Great at first, but now I cant be heard when making or taking a phone call. I can hear person on other end, but they cannot hear me
This use to be a very cool app. Lately the call is delayed, dropped, or no audio on voice-mail. I've updated the app and its still not functioning better... I'm Uninstaller then reinstalling now. Hopefully this works. 08/19/2021- Community thank you for your resonse. Updated and much better.
they updated the design of the app and its so ugly now, dont even ask or lets you switch back
I would give it more stars but when your talking to a machine the dail tone scream and don't go anyway ruining the call. Please fix this
It really irritates me that I can't delete entries from the log. Many of my friends have security clearances and I like to be conscientious of that by cleaning up... This app does not allow for it that. Also a lot of calls get dropped before they even get answered
My experience with group me app has been exceptional!
Signal used to be a great app with thr ability to send securely encrypted messages in addition to standard SMS messages. Very few people I know actually use the secure messaging feature, but it has been nice to have the easy option to encrypt with them. However, with the decision to abandon SMS support, I probably won't be using Signal any longer since it will be a niche product for times I really want encryption. They spent a lot of time, and money making the app approachable, all now wasted.
Keeps closing every time i open the app.
No notification sound or push when someone messages me. This feature was very important and useful to me. Now it's gone, I'm going to switch to whatsapp
Discord used to be great now its becoming even worse as days go on. Developers you have one job and that is to make a stable app that we can communicate. We don't ask for all this unnecessary garbage ui and updates. Untill this buggy app is fixed I can't give more the 1 star.
oh its great when it works. but almlst everytime i attempt to make a call and it fails, it get stuck on the dailer screen and then i would have to reboot my phone in order for it to close out the app.. ummm is there a fix for this? cause im bout to delete it.
I've used discord for a few years and I hate the new mobile ui, maybe give an option to choose what you prefer at least because the new layout stresses me out tbh the old one worked just fine.
IT IS LAG
Ever since the update, there is a notification that is glitching out. Contacted mods they don't know why. But every time i mark it as read, it shows up 4 minutes later, mute it still shows up, turn off notification nope still does it. This is the 1 notification that i had not read before the update, and now it will not go away.
Loved this app for a good long time. Uninstalled because it's not free if you need a verification code. A little misleading to give a "free number" that can't receive messages until you pay.
Very useful app with some extremely helpful features, though the latest layout change has made using it unintuitive and clunky. It used to have all features easily and smoothly accessible from a single page, however now there are several different pages that are more confusing to switch between and unpleasant to use consistently. Closing a chat is as easy as before but this adds to the confusion as you cannot reopen it the same way, which was previously possible. New dark mode is also inferior
Keeps kicking me out. Have Uninstaller and reinstalled multiple times. Very aggravating as this is our units communication method
Decent way for a group of people to communicate via text. One complaint I have is it is a little hard to upload pictures and videos. Also you can't upload long videos only short ones . Edit you can now upload videos up to 60 seconds long. Still can take quite a while to upload photos and videos.
So I get two subscriptions and I canceled one and unfortunately I can not use the minutes anymore after you guys took my money from the credit card??? So disappointed 😞 😔 😪 now it expires even before the next month's ends??? What a service and scam!
New design performs poorly on my Xperia 1 V. Scrolling to the side to view servers and channels is very laggy. Also, why get rid of the right pane showing the users and roles? Just WHY? If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
My track team uses groupme its easy to use and easy to add/remove people if they have iphone or android.
***UPDATE 04/16/2022. You are getting a bad review because you keep asking me to rate this app on a weekly basis. I have had enough. I pay you people money to avoid watching ads. Now once a week I have to decline and swipe away your annoying unnecessary pop up asking me to rate your app. You are getting my hard earned money every month. Now leave me alone and stop asking me to rate your app. You already know how I feel about it. Let's not go there.
Pls how do i find my areà code🤲
It don"t work
So I've been using discord for probably about 2 years. And it's been my favorite application for chatting by far ever since, but now i'm getting this weird bug that appears when i'm trying to resize my profile picture. When i try to resize my profile pic it sends me to the crop screen but then it quickly abruptly sends me back to the previous screen with some error texts, please devs fix this.
Still buggy after many updates... For mobile users, discord holds numerous bugs when using the app. It usually corrects itself after closing and opening but this is happening almost after every action. I'm on a note10...
This app used to be good. New layout Is horrible. Messages get stuck or won't show unless refresh app constantly. Some times it's split and only shows half a message or half a picture.
I think they should fire the tech lead behind the most recent UX/UI update. It is not intuitive, just made the experience worse
Still Buggy. I'd like to make this my main messaging app, but always has something that needs fixed. Cuatom Notification is just here today, gone tomorrow, beck the next, gone again soon. I need Custom Notifications for Clients.
It's a good app but can someone please tell me when I bought the sim 4 it keeps installing games that I don't want does someone please know how to stop this
This app really sucks. All the girls all they wantna do is steal your money.
Love it... UPDATE 2/6/23 The announcement that SMS messaging will no longer be supported means that I will be finding another messaging app. I will not go back and forth between Signal and another app.
How do u change swat,army standard,etc to obtain in compatible items
Horrible. It would never notify me that I had messages, unless I opened the app and saw I received messages hours early. And yes I checked my settings, the app just didn't work
So far, Signal is my best messaging app. I give it 4 star because the calling breaks after staying long. Please fix this issue.✨
I only use this. Like the most important app I have installed
The latency is terrible. Sometimes up to 15 minutes for just a normal text message to go through showing double checkmarks of delivery. All other types of chat Messengers are going through just fine to the same contact. This is happened on multiple devices consistently for a long period of time. I was hopeful that this was going to be my new messaging service app.
I have problems sending Videos because after I sent them, they sound distorted.
it's effective but not amazing
Please bring back the ability to auto answer with video!!!
I cannot register, it keeps saying we need to verify you are human, after that it loops back to where I have to put my phone number. Now it has stopped me from registering saying that I have had too many attempts, I have to wait 3+hrs to try again. This is the second time now.
Could be free call and text without doing anything. Have to do tasks to get calling "cash"
It's a good app and I would recommend it to others
Loved the app until it stopped working. Emailed support and got no answer.  I was very loyal until this. Now I just get red exclamation marks saying message hasnt been sent.
Everytime me and my friend share screen, the screen freeze after few minutes and we need to disconnect and reconnect the screen sharing which make it really frustrating. Please solve this issue so I can enjoy watching movies together.
Can't login
The best app to keep u informed about lives and people u follow plus there is live chat perfect for friends and family but also for work office meetings and more ,very recomendable .
Much better than before and way better then the Skype app for win phone. No wonder everyone left Windows phone when even ms couldn't be bothered to write descent apps. Any way, Skype is now usable again. It's pretty quick, video is pretty good and plenty of features. However I still find address book a bit of a mess. More work to be done.
It doesn't notify me when I have new messages unless I click on the app and
Love this app, msg, voice.chat, voice call.etc.send bunch of photos and vidoe in ome go.love it.
I have found this app to be everything as advertised. A very smooth running... professionally managed app. Thanks signal for being you . Awesome!
I just bought 100 minutes so I can make phone calls but once I called someone for 5 minutes it said I now have 0 minutes...... Please give me back my minutes or my money back In very disappointed in this
The best alternative of WhatsApp I would say better than it..like combination of WhatsApp and telegram lol 🫶 still it's the best at it's place
I used to use this app as a backup in case I had no service but had internet but for some reason now whenever I go to click on a contact to view messages the app crashes
UI on mobile isn't great - hard to navigate
Please Improve the image quality
Mobile app is buggy af.
This app got a problem since i kept crashing and everything didnt load for me it takes me few times to either let it work it happens to my friend too but she cant sent any images pls fix this bug
Keep having to shut the app down, works fines on desktop and browser, android keeps giving the connecting issue and then takes ages to load channels on android
What a complete SCAM! I downloaded the app last night and tried to call from the number today for the first time and it said I'm out of my free 600 minutes! WHAT A JOKE!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS APP... IT'S SUCH A SCAM
Uhm why can't I log into my my acc and I keep changing the password and nothing work what do I do :/
Only used app for a few weeks and not all calls could be made or held
Kindly give the screen share options and whiteboard for presentations purpose.
This app would be better if iy woulf stop freezing my phone. Im always having to take the batterie out bc it freezes my phone please fix this and ill give it a better rating
My side chick is able to send pictures and messages without my wife knowing
It's crazy but Text Free is actually better/more reliable than my contract provider. Thanks you rock!
I haven't really used to get and you don't have a more pot a different kind of an experience I had.
BRUH! It's not letting me sign up and it's annoying. All I'm tryna do is text people.
I give 4 stars instead of 5 for 1 reason n that is cut i login to my Samsung account n they send a code to me to make sure it is me n says I need this version in order to get the code n I do have the version they say needed to get it but u don't get code instead asks me for money to lock in number to receive the code which I should receive for free like any other codes u have gotten in the passed n have the updated version as per said n cut if that I have lost money customers time n patients
Great app too bad they won't let me keep my number. Keep taking it away
Go what s app
The only problem is sometimes or most of the time my phone doesn't ring with Skype but it rings with my phone and I can't figure it out.
I have a request to hide my phone number
This game is trashes
slow as them
( Old UI: This is a great app. I use it all the time. It's one of the best messagers personally.) (Edit: I don't like the new UI, It's too different, maybe make it so you can have this or the old one? Either way I haven't been using Discord Mobile as much since this change) Doesn't help that the company seems to be Ignoring everyone that doesn't like the change.
Super easy to use and a great way to communicate with a large group.
I can't hear my friend and my friend can't hear me pls fix this problem
People
Little confused. I don't have an option to make calls. None that I can see anyway. I have a camera and messaging option.
Please give app Chat lock 🔐 opsation
number. Don't waste your time or money
you select an earlier date and confirm so you don't have to scroll through
It's an amazing app it helped me a lot 👌👌
The site isnt working it hasn't been for the last 2 days
Slow app
Constantly changing the format of the app to mimic other social media platforms, but the current iteration looks like an incomplete student project. I haven't forgotten that NFT garbage they tried to push either, pure greed. They are constantly hitting users with popups for Nitro premium subscriptions, dont buy em, they don't care for their users, only cash. Text your friends
Very good app 👍👍👍
Good chatting app
Cant hear
ad pop up too often
g it's great
Ia good but slow at times.
Discord App is so great 😊, If you want to call someone or Message Someone or Live Stream An App or Game. Discord App is Best. But Be careful for the Hackers,Don't Click Unnecessary Links.
Good but ads stuff
I'm retired from the Marine corps I'm 50 single devorced
Pretty decent app. Just don't like that you can not delete chats
Keeps family connected
Dropping it to a three because of the new ui. I do not like the swipe to reply feature. Replaced being able to see the list of people in esch server.
Doesn't accept gif keyboards. Leaving me unable to flood my group chats with absurd dancing party parrots. This is unacceptable.
Unable to see any group icon or images fix it
I use the discord app from 2018 .... Everything was good its fantastic, for creating servers, making voice channel etc but thers a problem idk how many people have faced it . When we join the vc idk from 2/3 days it says connecting.. disconnecting..then suddenly says no route and gets stuck at disconnected I can't talk to anyone nor can they hear me I tried reinstalling the apps like 2/3 times , changing wifi then tried to get help from YouTube but idk what this is..I hope I get a help ASAP
Love discord for mobile but the last update has made it buggy as hell. Getting forced back into previous messages, emoji problems, etc. Very frustrating. Return it to the previous version by ironing out these bugs and I'll give 5 stars!
Never had a problem We will see how this works out.
GM is good if you want to organize your life with a a group of people. However sometimes it does have connection problems and could be better. Other than that it's great!
I have no idea why people even use this application. The amount of features it has is way inferior to messaging applications like telegram. There is literally no benefit to using this compared to telegram. Also scanning QR code does not seem to work on most Android phones at this point so that's that. Have to use my laptop to join the groups.
Its not launching several time after download on my anroid phone. So frustrating and keeping me off several meetings and appontments.
Doesn't let you receive verification codes unless you pay for premium, which is the only point in this app existing
I dislike the way it looks but eh it's fine But here's an idea Making it so you can switch accounts with ez like a button on your profile that you can add accounts onto so you can switch fast :D
No Emogis. No notifications. I have to stay on the chat for the message to be sent. I have deleted the app, restarted my phone, sent several feedbacks about it and yet nothing fixed. Not able to see any single emogi! I used this for work, so i HAVE to continue using it. Please fix issues and ill fix my review. Thank you. .
I like using discord but sometimes it really needs to get an update. I was talking to my friends and next thing you know, I send a file and it takes so long. I don't know why but it makes me so frustrated.
I hate the new update soo bad
Poor conection and dropped calls.
Overall great recently it started force closing on me though and even after closing all apps and reinstalling I'm still running into the issue however it's the first time over 3 years it's done it
Edit: I appreciate the attempt to revamp the app, but photos are taking too long to send and also to load anything. It has a lot of slowdowns and bugs even with the "Stable" version of the app. The huge glaring issue I have with this app, is that I can't send videos any longer because it 100% crashes the whole thing as "something unexpected has occured" I love the website and the PC version, but please fix those glaring issues of this new version. It never was like this until few months back.
calls get dropped, often
Everything fine except what's the use of blocking numbers if they can still come thru just with the word blocked in parenthsis. What good is that?!?! Fix that and I'll update my review.
terrible. sometimes I get notifications, sometimes I dont. half messages I try and send fail. this app makes one quick attempt to send a message then quits at the first failure. that is unacceptable
Not very easy to use. Also doesnt pick up recent contacts instantly from mobile. Successful on second try.
Discord updated the mobile app to make it extremely user unfriendly. Good work Discord, you're doing great 👍
Phone can be on DND and you'll still get calls/notifications. I've Uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it still sends me all the notifications when someone texts/calls me whilst my phone is on DND. I've even turned off ALL notifications for this app just to test it, and sure enough, I was still able to receive msg/calls. This is annoying and disturbing. I don't think I'll be keeping this app.
The new design for mobile is disgusting it looks Instagram. It just doesn't look right! I like the old discord it was unique! And it was way better...
when it's good, it's good, when it's bad, it's bad. Having to keep an account to access the service is stupid and time wasting, especially when you inevitably forget your password or Skype name and are locked out of the service.
Excellent messenger app. Uncluttered and easy to use. Signal calls are clearer than phone calls. Only wish the emojis were as fun and animated as those on Skype!
Some freezing and locking up. Messages failing to send. Had to uninstall and reinstall twice this month.
I love this app as i use it to connect with friends. Lately I don't get notifications when a friend responds when I'm not accessing the app. All notifications are on
I loved Signal, but nowadays I feel so exhausted with the reconnecting part and full of noises. In the beginning it was smooth and not so much noises.
Used once and never again
the internet has been acting up
Fix the app
Marvelous
Never alarms me when I get a text and that is very frustrating because I don't have much time. There are also too many ads and some times they just open without being clicked. Can I delete contacts?  If so it will not allow me. One of my contacts is constantly showing that I have a new text even when I dont. Until this changes my negative comment stands.
Skype was the preferred app for video calling and voice calling. In the past 2-3 years (ever since Microsoft bought it) it has been deteriorating. The app is show and the UI is not as good. Good app gone bad.
Ending SMS support has been awful. Now all of my text history is completely messed up and the only way to export Signal messages is incredibly involved. What a ridiculous decision! And to not even make it easy for people to export Signal messages into an SMS app when they are intentionally making the app useless for texting shows no regard for their customers. I regret telling anyone about this app and getting my friends involved in this mess. I don't want to use two apps to message people.
I have issues in display on screen i want old display Thanks
Bad reception
I use this app to text my friends who use iPhone. As of recently, every time I send a text to them, half of the time they don't ever see it. Only once in a blue moon does it actually go through and send the message to them.
Can't verify YouTube channel
it is not like the same
Good app so far!
Video player will randomly interrupt connection between me and people I am video calling with, it says "unstable connection" yet it's never been a problem before and does this no matter the location or devices we change. Also super dark mode stopped working for me, please fix it
This app is very useful for keeping our church ladies informed.
I use it for a class to keep in touch with profesor and classmates and for some reason it keeps singing me out.
I have used it before but the four stars because am trying g to retrieve my old account and I can't that is why am downloading it again
Use to give 5 stars but since the new update release, this app did not give me notification. Please fix.
I WAS super impressed with the sound/ call quality. Twenty-four hours after installing I had to uninstall this app. The sudden increase of ad notifications from sketchy adult site offering hookups and telling me my phone/ chrome was infected. The ads were coming 3 at a time every 3 seconds. I uninstalled this app and the ads immediately slowed down to one at a time and a couple of minutes between adds. Within about 15 minutes, bliss, there was quiet. No more constant dinging with notifications.
Worst update ever!!!!!! Nothing is better always getting lag even i have android 11 os also takes bunch of time for loading chats and msgs in dm's and servers and also u can't able to sent message now. I want to tell u that to slap the person who suggest this worst update ever..... Now ur start losing your users 👍🏻
Would be a great app if you weren't removed from a group without being notified.
Most friends here you make don't really give a damn about you.
Why am I receiving my own pictures??  It's been going on for days!!
Feel the need to edit the previous 5 star review - I understand the change of UI, honestly. What upsets me the most is the nonsensical change of color theme for literally no reason. I can get used to a new UI, but changing dark mode for the hell of it seems like a further slap to me. The desktop app is perfect. Would not change it for the world even with the microtransactions. Mobile... is another beast.
This is best caller apps thanks for signal team
Cant gove it a lower rate. Got some minutes and they never appeared. Ripped off
Today my Skype not unable to send message and unable to attend call but everything is fine.
It's a decent app. Used it a couple times while traveling with big groups and it served its purpose. It has nice fetures such as admin, recations, replys, etc. My only complaint is I have had problems viewing groups. For exmpale if I'm added to an already created group I can't veiw the group even if it says I've been successfully added I can never see it. The only way I can see groups is if I'm added as soon as the group was created. Other people in our group experienced the same issue.
For some reason I can't reply to anyone in the group, I have to @ them it's annoying I uninstall and install it back it still doesn't work
Horrendous app, keeps on crashing and does not work as intended to do so. Had same issues on my pixel 5 and now on the pixel 6a. Not sure whether it's a pixel or Skype issue however needs sorting out.
great to chat with friends
Not a great app. I've had messages sent to me ñ not come thru until I opened the app a month later. Some messages did not come thru at all.
The call break up and the air time is to short
Trash.
Ehhh...It's okay. Way too many ads and the connection is horrible. Otherwise, it serves its purpose.
Most of its services as any website and app verification code are trial.
It was alright little slow
Removal of SMS
The new UI isn't good especially on foldables. Since it's not optimized properly the new bottom bar for the app overlays with the navigation bar of android and so you can't pick an option to go to DM or servers or whatever since it'll activate the navigation bar's buttons. Also specifically for foldables discord app doesn't automatically change its format when folding or unfolding so you'd have to close the app entirely, fold/unfold and reopen the app to make it work. Please fix these issues.
It'd be an easy 5 star, but recently, I've been having an issue lately where I can't send pictures or videos. I love the app, but this is infuriating.
It is only good if you are using through
Lots of ins and outs to learn.Not real clear when trying to setup and invite on my channel. Also tried to change my profile and I couldn't save, kept telling me to "Disgard or keep adding". I wanted to invite friends in the group and that didn't work well.
Love the way it operates today, but they are removing SMS functionality which changes it from a killer one-stop-shop messenging app to another walled garden where you have to remember which peers use which type of messenger.
I don't know what was done with this latest update but all of my contacts, all group conversations, everything has been deleted. So thanks for that. Will all those conversations and contacts be retrieved at some point?
Pretty good messaging app. End to end encryption. Doesn't support SMS. 2 stars.
It is a good work signal app.
So poor performance
give us the old dark mode color back please
I realize its my own fault, 4lack of consistent (enuff) use, but they'll just up n snatch away yo#! VERY unexpected, da 1st time 4sho! Leavin my friends &myself, 2tryn learn/get used2 a brand new number?! My memory's RLY not up 4all dis! Lol, but dat aside, I think its a rly good, rly useful/helpful app 4evryone. Givn the rite situation &circumstance, I think NE1 cud find good use of this app! 👍🏻👍🏻✌🏻
I don't know yet I just got this app.
Love it!! Love this app!
The new update is so bad. Its so confusing and it was pointless. Literally no one asked for this. It was so unique and easy before.
U should to accept bitcoin.
Supper buggy on phone
The only issue I have is that longer videos fail to load on mobile, unlike on PC which works fine
This helps me so much with my college courses!
New UI is awful for no reason
App is crashed, takes a lot of time for my messages to send
I miss the old Skype.  Specifically the format.
new mobile layout is awful, revert it
I don't know if I should get this app. Can someone tell me anything about it that I need to know.
Great app great idea text messages work fine just have trouble making calls sometimes but still it's free so can't complain
Yall need to chose a better time for adds im missing important calls because I hang up from a call, and get damn ads when I'm trying to answer the other call
Would be better if multiple chats could be permanently deleted and if there were more accessible games to play
I don't love the new layout, it's honestly harder for me to use and as someone who struggles with this type of layout it makes it hard for me to want to use the app. I hope that there will be a option to either go back to the old layout or it changes because I don't like it.
New layout is terrible and drives data rates up like crazy in addition to 10x the loading times BEWARE!!
I called using this app & left a voice mail. The person who I called received the call from me & my "new number" but the message received was NOT my message, not my voice & in a totally different LANGUAGE. How the heck does that even hapoen???!! I called again. Same thing. APP UNINSTALLED IMMEDIATELY.
Hard to hear can't download the app now
Fantastic for keeping intouch with friends and family around Europe. Great for business contacts too.
Until the Dark Theme is done properly, using black instead of grey, this can't be an option.
Honestly never had any problems with discord on my phone till the newis update the whole new layout is horrible, I love using discord bc it had a completely different lay out from all the other messager apps but now it looks just like any other one. I'm glad they fixed the notification problems but the way it looks now is just so bad me and my friends all hate the new layout plz just put it back
Why do I need to pay for a subscription for SMS codes
My phone had been Hacked, How do I get my subscription back?
I really like Discord. It's just that the recent update has lowered my opinion on it in general. If there was an option to go back to the old layout (which I do not have in case if it's supposed to be available), then I think that'd help improve the app.
Always the communication drops, the images got freeze and only the connection last 2 seconds.
Good, useful
good service so far, the only thing is the unlimited calls and text from anywhere(no wifi needed) Sim card I bought doesn't work with any of the phones I have and apparently I have to buy a newer phone to use it, but other than that it's awesome!
I never got the Sim card
It's slowly improving again
Everything about is better than any other services out there
Been tried 3 days, keep on showing pending pending status！still I failed update the latest version through Google play, what should I do！？
Really annoying when I call (or answer) when using my phone it ALWAYS defaults to bluetooth output. I have my watch (Galaxy Watch) connected but don't want it to default to this for call audio. Why is their no option to disable or change this?
drains my battery.
I've used Discord for years. It's one of the only apps I used. But the new system that they'll be using for usernames is asinine. The already existing system works fine, and nobody wants it to change. And yet the support team is silent. Listen to your users, discord.
For those who have a business this is a great asset to use. It's FREE! Reliable and can be accessible from various devices! And If you simply like privacy, Download it now! Thanks TextNow and myself later! :-) Just read a couple views and came back to edit, folks are so negative these days. Never had an issue with calling unless the typical just like with all phone services and never an issue with sending a message. The ads are every once in a while. Like after you make a call. No big deal!
Great app love the service
app freezes up
Its a great place to share time, with people of interest.
I periodically have to uninstall and re-install the app because I stop getting notifications from the group I'm in that uses the app. It's very frustrating.
My number keeps changing (I am not doing it) and I messaged for help and nothing. It has screwed me with the new job I'm trying to get. No, help at all!
I've been using Signal for years and then you finally enabled group voice and video chats which is great for organizing. But now you want to get rid of SMS messaging which is ridiculous. I use the app for all my messages and there is no practical point to stop SMS messages. You're allowing phone service companies to transmit our msgs will result in less privacy which is antithetical to the reason Signal exists.
Would like to see a log of mssgs from&to each oerson and ability to forward mssg already sent to another, cc myself, add ppl to a drafted mssg.
Text Now gets no nos. Nothing to lose. This app is house money. Theres no cover at the door and could get online when other lines cannot.
notifications broke after last update. Five stars if they fix it
So I chose to get the sim card and pay for phone data. They say you're using a certain amount of gigs when you are not. They run your mobile experience TO THE GROUND. You'll be out of tons of money within days to weeks, when you can simply just pay for a 30 buck phone bill. These people are rip offs. I've spent too much, and hardly even use my phone, and they are still burning my data even if I connect to wifi and use it. It's not worth it. I've spent almost 100 replacing just 2gs in a month!
I tried to to log in but I am not getting text message for pin. Even call verification is also fail.
Take 20 minutes to upload and image of 25kb size.
Good app. Just another group chat.. eeeh
Unsupported, clunky, doesn't send notifications reliably. I get the impression that the GroupMe owners just don't give a ****.
Laggy and unresponsive. Video quality is also worse than Duo.
I've tried contacting support 3 times now and haven't heard anything back. It shows i have 3 messages but they aren't showing up. They have been from numbers i don't have in my phone and I would really like to see who is trying to contact me. Would give it a 5star but really would like to get all my messages.
It only works sometimes. It force closes and freezes up.
could not get any txts bck
Can't even open the app. Crashes when I click on it.
Dropping sms makes this app useless to me. Years of using it gone to waste. Disappointment. Edit: tried giving time in case you stopped the removal of sms but you didn't. This app just became one of the most useless mobile apps.
Tried to uninstall it and it froze my phone so now I have to go to the company this app is a crock takes forever to load then only works once in awhile
I hate this app , it full of scammers!!! Beware!!!
I like the security and privacy first mentality.
Clear communications. Better than WhatsApp. User interface sucks. Need a configurable user interface. Integrate magnifier for seniors.
Installed it because my phone got shut off but since I've had the app, I've been able to to make and receive calls and texts. So far there aren't any issues or complaints.
Works good so far
Every 2-3 days, I stop receiving texts and I keep on sending texts and they don't go through. I have to log out for 3-4 days straight and try to log in again and see if it works. Such a weird defect/bug. Any suggestions?
I really love it and very nice
The new update sort of messed everything up. The interface is difficult to navigate, and I can't have the app running in the background. I can't even send images or videos anymore.
I'm looking for a one stop shop for messaging. Signal was it, but they are now removing SMS support. Time to look for something else.
It wont let me text numbers without like 50 adds please fix this please
Superb app with loaded features and full privacy.
Its not letting me send picture messages to anyone.
Worst Mobile Application. Taking some time to show chats. Heavy application. Very slow app.
File format issue of download videos
I have been using it for a week or so. It's ok so far. I just wish the size of the input box (the box where you type your message) were bigger. As it currently is, you have to scroll up or down within the box to reread it which is very tedious if you normally have longer messages. The size of the box so tiny compared to the size of the whole phone screen. Why not make use of the space and enlarge the box? Also, I don't see any options to adjust text size or font. That would be very helpful.
This app is really Awesome 💯
Great app, been using it for 1 &1/2 years and has come a long way, I've compiled a list of my favorite ideas for updates to this app from the comments, 1. Dark theme / mode 2. Improved gui / graphics 3. Latency tweaks (in sending & receiving sms & lag in general) 4. Cheap (like 0.99) ad-free 5. Fix the refreshing bug (occasional endless refresh loop)
Used to love this app but couple days started screwing up. Click to open it and click to message and it mid type it jumps.back to a blank screen. Gonna reinstall and hope that works otherwise find another one. 10/2018 For some reason suddenly calls drop and I when a call comes in it won't let me answer. Gonna be checking other apps. Good product once upon a time.
This app has gone from streamlined and easy to move through to incredibly clunky and frustrating. It's not a learning curve thing, it's a bad design change thing. AND STOP asking if I want to turn on notifications.
There were some issues with voice messages before the update in which it wouldn't play but it wasn't frequent so I thought it was just a minor bug. However, since the recent update, almost every voice message is just not working and I experienced a really bad glitch where I couldn't scroll up or down, the screen was just bouncing around each time I tired. I think the update broke discord- please try to get this fixed soon-
Mobile update is horrible
Only thing new is the ads are way bigger and annoying.    TextFree  its self is a good functioning app (v5.02)
It doesn't show up in notifications and I have to keep restarting it just to get a message
ITS NOY EVEN LETTING ME IN THE DUM APP ITS JUST SAYING PASSWORD OR EMAIL INVALID BUT I KNOW MY PASSWORD WELL I EVEN CHANGED IT BUT NOOOOOOOO FIX IT
It just says " Connecting" And doesn't open. It also glitches a lot in mobile.
Good but annoying with the forced rating popup
The updated UX/UI changes are anything but user friendly... Shows that an accessible app experience matters little to Discord. :/ Won't be purchasing Nitro in the future.
It's a great app. I have used it for a while. It is reliable and with perfect sound quality
Its. So far. A rip off I paid for premium service and I still can't make a phone call without WiFi . looks like just another scam
its an op but whatever
I have a new phone and can't access my subscription. I need my number back.
I THINK THAT THEH SHOULD LET OUR NUMBER EXSPIRE BUT THEY SHOULD LET THEM
Cant use it any more in pixel 7 after the new update. It just freezes after launching and can't do anything
The best secure messaging app 🤘👌🤌
A lot of times my chats wont load. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling and it hasn't fixed it.
I was charged 13$ for no reason
No longer aight, whoever thought of the idea of changing the UI needs to find a god damn hobby.
Very effective secure communication.
The new layout is frustrating. I wish I had an option to go back to the old layout. Uninstalling until that option becomes available.
Alot of fun and great privacy
The new look of last update is awful 😖 I wish I could not update
This app is not fortnite
Too many commercials No
Its great aap, but its going on for a week that Whenever i try calling, it shows the oponent is busy but the person isnt busy.. and they get notification of missed call. And sometime its ringing but msgs doesnt get delivered.
Breaks Android Share function. Edit - Thank you for the quick update. The bug was very annoying and took me a while to figure out the offending app.
It's not bad but it's not the best
U have to earn minutes which is annoying sometimes texting is free which is great
New update is actually unusable. I was mad at first just cause it looked ugly and you can't swipe to see who's online anymore. Now I'm mad because I have to close the app completely if I want to switch channels and it doesn't show the message as sent so chat ends up spammed if people try to resend. Pls change it back it was fine 😭
Private calls not connecting?
Discord is an amazing app! I love the several GIFs and stickers built in. Discord makes it very easy to talk with my friends! The only problem I have is that sometimes you get disabled for no reason, but other then that, perfect.
I hate the update. Why was there a need to change the whole thing??
Awesome every time I made a call I wish I had more time than just 60 minutes but thank you
Super slow, I try to tap on a server channel, and it does not let me view it. It also freezes up, and when I tap, it sometimes thinks I held down, and it makes me aggravated.
A contact of mine has a picture and name of another person unknown to me.
I use this before like last year it was very good and helpful
I love the unlimited texting and being able to pick ur own number. Just don't like having to jump through hoops to get call minutes and the calling signal isn't all that great but still a good app
Great App !!!!
To KEEP the SMS support, DON'T update!
I don't get the notification when someone is calling me and only let's me know after it went to voicemail...
After an update it does not start anymore. Update of some Android services (like Web view) did not help. Just like reinstalling the Signal app itself - keeps crashing immediately after start.
Its annoying how the profile of the person i unfriend still shows up on the top. Please fix that its irritating
have a bug since update. Not able to get my messages pulled up.
Can't access any updates on Android 4.4.4 and the old version no longer works. The usual planned obsolescence game.
It was good at first but now its crap! I don't receive my messages half the time. It goes off when I'm texting. And now when I go to the app it's just a white screen. ! Please fix this!
Yeah, I see the point of some of the other reviewers. It IS SLOW, and doesn't seem to always connect. I guess I'll keep using it to offload some of my less important texts, but keep my real text service for anything important. I'm sure they'll continue to make it better over time....
It's really great for international communication.
When sending photo, why is it anticlockwise 90 degree default and I have to adjust it myself everytime?? And now even some photo won't show up in the in-app gallery, it is broken? Hello are you fixing any bug?
Have uninstalled and reinstalled more than once and still do not receive notifications... So irritating.
I'm pulling my hair out trying to use this app don't know what problem is
Notification dosent always show.
This app is trash I can't send text or picture and it does let the pictures coming download it's worthless
Since switching away from a native Android application, this app has gotten progressively worse. It's extremely slow, buggy and I can't tell whether the new update has made it slower or slightly faster because it was already pretty slow to start with. It's now almost as slow and buggy as Snapchat.
Bugs Idk, when you leave it running in the background and then you open it, you cant chat send messages and channels are dissappearing....... so fix this
W App to chat with people
This app caters to cons. If I could go negative 5 I would
yes, it works, it has unlimited texting, but fir some reason it doesnt notify me that i have a message. i have to go into the app and check manually to recivea message
Actually I love the app. Rating is so low only because they want to stop supporting Sms. What I really love now is the ability to easily switch between crypted communication and ordinary texting. What is more, I convinced friends to follow me and advertised this feature as something cool. Please keep this feature. It is important. Really important to have it...
Always enjoying this app, i get used to chat with my friends here. Here is the problem, discord in window run smooth and better. Unlike mobile version, it has lot of bugs. Bug that usually happens on my discord mobile is where my connection randomly lost. What make it weirder tho is i can still get massage from other. While mine cant even deliver a single massage. Have to force stop and clear cache to restart Discord. Pls let me know if you fix it
Somehow this app bas used iver 2 gigs of data this month.... I only get 3 gigs a month and have only been using the app for some short text messages...
Great app with first sim. I got an unlocked phone and bought a 2nd sim and now I cannot connect my unlimited calls and text. Impossible to get help. Was a 5 star till all this!
So I'd like you guys to implement external mic option instead of relying on headphones/earphone mic cuz when I'm trying to connect my wireless microphone, its just using the headphones/earphone microphone instead of the external one
Ok, I guess, for a free call/text app..
New update has made discord take a lot longer to load, channels take a longer time to display correctly, messages dont show right away Needs patching or reverting
Long time user since 2016, watched the app ascend to greatness and crumble to corporate greed. I don't know what to do anymore since all my friends use this app, guess I'll have to find an alternative since nobody cares at discord.
this good bro I can talk to my friends
Won't download
Good quality for the screen 😁😁
Purchased in app credit for international call, but the balance still shows 0. The worst thing is it seems this company has no place to ask issues.
Waiting to see
pretty damn good for free
I had a bit of a hard time starting a conversation with my contacts. I'm not sure why still but at least it's working now
All messages can be accesses by the CIA/US GOVERNMENT
Fun easy money
Every update is an absolute disaster. It breaks things and makes Discord mobile more unstable. This is not a good direction.
great app! sometimes I dont get notifications for direct messages though :(
The app work great
This app is garbage. That one star is because it's free. I can't call or video call my parents without making a regular call first. It's almost as if the other side is "offline" and you need to do a regular call first to establish an "online" connection first before Skype can connect. So trash. With other apps, I can call with this hassle.
Decent app... Does what it says it does... Its a little hard to get free minutes... But if youre in a bind and dont have the time to watch 30 second videos for 2 minutes of call time minutes are rather cheap and can be bought starting at 2 dollars but this is tezt free not call free so i will give them 3 stars because for text it works perfectly fine they would actually get 5 stars if it wasnt for the annoying pop ups and random ads that come out of nowhere at times. But 3 is still good 👍
It's misbehave when y wann send someone anvite, and the other person has the app too and it won't send
My friends won't stop talking about the length and girth of my father's phallus
The UI responds extremely slowly. Frustrated with this.
Tryin too find friends
I like it but it freezes alout  I get so mad 😤😛
Keeps telling me I exceeding creating account even when the sign up process doesn't work. Absolutely terrible.
Started out good now I don't get notified unless I refresh my messages in the app
Very efficient way to have a group chat. I like how GroupMe allows you to add/remove people from your group at any time. I also like how user-friendly it is and how you can easily add pictures to the group chat.
blocked calling services by etisalat and du of UAE
It would only work on speaker phone ,reception was pingy,not for me.
Great experience for communication with a large group.
Just too many ads for my liking, which always makes my phone run slowly
Can't make phone calls
Great app for friends and family stay in
Wouldn't let me log in. Repeated "Unexpected failure"
Lhlomb j Ioglpplo lol on your phone 📞📱📱 too or
Cuts out alot at most times
Good app where a lot of information can be shared with many people. Ideal for group works and interactions specifically on a project. However, it's not enough user-friendly to my taste. Channels and topics can be confusing and you seriously might need training. If/when they get that around, Bingo!
At first it was excellent, then starting loading slow.
I think we can call on this app
I'd recommend using another free texting app. This one doesn't allow you to get one time password texts unless you upgrade to their subscription. Also, numbers expire every 15 days if there's no activity.
I literally only had this app for 5min, did not use it at all and I can't get a refund back for my $5. Service was not rendered. please give me my money back! this isn't free. I'm not going to use this app
All I gotta say is best chatting app and best app for like communities
Groupme on android is aweful. I havent been able to send messages for months. they all just fail repeatedly. I don't recieve all messages. New groups do not show up. etc.
Humam verification sucks
I have tried setting and resetting notification settings, downloading and redownloading, logging in and out... I NEVER get notifications, and I often miss important messages from my work team because this app doesn't notify me no matter what I try.
Good use for work
Could have more features. Gets the job done.
love the text overlay,really handy for hard of hearing family. Mobile app is better than desktop for them,for this reason.
It was workin perfectly me loving it n now it wont open no matter how many times i restart my phone...pliz help i dnt want 2 uninstall :(
Its an awesome app
Video quality doesn't seem very good. There's a lot of noise in the picture quality and the view of the camera is cropped in a lot on my s20 but there's no way to change it to be zoomed out wider. Was trying to use this as an alternative to Zoom but don't think I can as I need to hold my phone too far away during the call so that my face isn't ridiculously big on the screen.
The UI change isn't that bad. Everyone voting one stars are just crying.
I got my account suspended for allegedly violating terms and conditions.
Do not like the fact that it limits character count.
Being able to reach out to others
Download and Use
i love this app its cool
Discord has honestly given me a lot a friends, especially since I struggled to make them in real life. Five stars to four: The most recent update has changed a lot, and made the app a little difficult to navigate, but it's still fun to use.
Can we please have PTT sound options for Mobile backkk🥺
Newest update is absolutely rubbish. Makes me want to get on discord less often because it no longer works the same way and constantly tries pushing me to join voice chats for servers I don't care about. I mainly talk in group chats and now it's defaulting me to random servers and causing me to reply to random messages.
When tfhe same
Great so far
When u make a call the other party can not hear u and constantly drops the calls
Simple, reliable, and very secure app.
Anyone one else start immediately getting Spam Calls to their regular phone after downloading this app? I got 3 almost immediately.
I really enjoy this app,but once it is read, I don't know how to delete the message!🤔
It's cool for texting. But calls are almost impossible most times.
This is a ok app sometimes ill get replies ba k from people within minutes and other times more then not they will arrive a few days later.
App is fine, almost as good as WhatsApp. Very easy to use, does its job & doesn't crash like Fakebook messenger.
No details offered to give
It's Great, Simple, & Easy 2 Manage., It is Truly Helpful, especially in these Down Times. Thank You.!.
Dont say free because its not
A  little disappointed it keeps freezing an crashing  since I updated it
Easy to connect and share with everyone
Great for a free text app
Not worth it. Used better.
I was really enjoying this app,  then came the update.  Ever since the update,  which looks good,  I've been unable to get the key pad to respond when in a call that uses an automated system.  For instance,  pressing 1 on the dial pad on a call to navigate through a menu no longer works.  Worked fine before but now,  nothing. Can't use this app for those kind of calls anymore,  which really sucks.
I am.having trouble unlinking myself with who previously had my phone number and their friends are mines on GroupMe. It's difficult to get rid of this person which hinders my use of groupme
it just works really slow
Like it thankyou
It's sucks having a wifi ph app no matter which 1 u use.
Lately somthing bad has happened to Skype. It's slower to respond. Opening a chat from a notification takes a few seconds (on a Galaxy s5). And the UI doesn't make sense.
Great way to keep in touch.
My boss has tried to invite me 3 times. All I get is text messages and the app stays plank and I can't respond to the info we share. If it wasn't for that I'd give it a 5 star
Not good enough in communicating
New UI is genuinely TERRIBLE. It was perfect before, or near perfect before the update. You removed features from before, & made things harder to navigate, I especially miss being able to swipe left & view all of the server members with a simplified list. I've been using discord since 2018, this has GOT to be one of the worst updates. At least let us revert it back.
It's so good and great app
satisfied Skype user for the past decade. I am very disappointed that Skype
I don't get most of my texts and i don't get notifications... please fix for 5 stars!!!!
It sucks. I can't even get incoming calls when people call me... It only shows I have missed calls. This been going on for too long and nothing has changed. Not impressed
It works great for multi groups..
horrible Used to hack my account but response was quick and helpful.
ALL I COULD TALK TO WAS THIS STUPID ROBOT NAMED ZO. WTH
Best app for hang-outs!
Interesting. Very, very interesting.
I hope you have corrected issue. I am dependent on your very effective directions.
My opinion has been that discord was 5 star, but after this last update, I can no longer swipe left when in a DM to see participants list or pinned comments or search feature. I have to click up top on the @ icon in order for these things to show. Ultimately, it is a minor issue but annoying nonetheless. Please bring back swiping left for these things.
Every time have to log into the app and it is not to good.
great but i get spamed a lot so it annoys me but deffently 4 stars for shore
it makes my phone shut off completely every time i try to use it
Works great! Be nice if it could shake hands with apple, but. Otherwise I like it.
Can't install the app
Half the time the app crashes and drops your calls. Right now it won't let me make a call
How to find chat messages?
can u fix this app its full of bugs i cant doa anything w out restarting the app 2 times
Kindly improve
5/10 too much predators
Good for big groups that don't use other social media apps
lol. Waste of time. Before I logged out on computer was able to find out
Stop messing up the app for 5 minutes, can you?
Great way to message the whole team
I have been using discord for 2 years now, and honestly I never faced much issues. But after the recent update I don't know why but the app is not working properly. When we click at the emoji, it leads us to the emote,sticker and gif section but when I do click on a emote or try scrolling it goes back down not allowing me to use any of the 3 I mentioned above. It is very frustrating, I deleted and reinstalled the app but the problem still remained.
Works good for messaging friends and family
Very helpful app. Use it constantly. Thank u. ....
It is constantly reconnecting during important calls. That's a big issue for me. But otherwise, it has been an awesome app. I am thankful to have a way to connect incase anything important happens to my health. So thanks for making it possible to connect!
Great 👍 👌
App was great before the new update. The new version has a dreadful user interface that no longer replicates the desktop app. Why change it when it worked perfectly fine? Much like the username change, discord is not listening to the community/it's user base. It works fine other than the new dreadful user experience. Edit: they've made it worse!
Nice user interface really smooth and user friendly.
i would like to send and recieve pics through messages
Love it I can be in touch with friends around the world!
Constant Continuing Port Scanning by Pinger. My router log is filled with port scan instances all coming from Pinger IP addresses. It's bad enough the APK is persistent (other communication apps don't seem to be as invasive). Although I like this APK it seems I may need to uninstall and find an alternative
thisgame got a aco locain
Keeps on crashing on droid2 global. Please fix it
The new UI is cumbersome to use. Please provide an option to use the old UI or consider reverting to the previous UI altogether.
Could Be Way Better.  There's no calls.
Pretty decent calling app. The ads are only visual so they don't bother me at all. It's handy to have text now downloaded on your tablet when your phone takes a dump. I have no complaints.
Love this messenger app.
Not gonna any contact for many girls sucks.
It crashes a lot, but still a helpful app
Not sure but will try it.
Good app,  but wish it opened at the last chat you read instead of latest chat that was sent,  so I wouldn't have to scroll up to find where I left off.
When it says offers for more minutes you could download whatever app it says to but u want recieve ypur minutes
Sometimes I can't hear vc, it lags a lot and takes more time to reconnect than before. Otherwise great app!
All of a sudden pictures are not loading. I receive notification & when I open there's a blank square with a reload arrow but it can't even be tapped. Chat icon images are not appearing either. I use this app to manage my baseball team and it is very frustrating when an important image is sent and I have no way of retrieving it.
I agree with the general public's opinion on the new UI, it does make things a little more awkward. But I do still love discord and it's features. One thing I would love them to add in the near future would be custom notifications for servers/dms. I use that feature on apps like whatsapp, and it would be another useful tool to have in discord as well.
Overall the app is great, theres just one missing feature that is very frustrating, I have 2 accounts I switch between often and theres no way to save them to quickly switch without logging in and out every time, which is odd because the feature exists on the desktop discord app just not on mobile. Other than that minor issue the app is amazing, a very user friendly interface that makes it easy to host and swap between many different communities and never miss a beat
No command verification
Whenever I try to log in or make a new account it keeps logging me out
Bery good some yime batt signal
Good call quality and ease of use.
hteat lige line and evertday use
Idk It did not let me text
new UI is awful and clunky, has numerous dumb bugs, app is overall slower and more difficult to use with the new mobile UI. new users i don't suggest downloading this app its not easily functional
unable to upload photo from gallery .please fix that
I don't know cause this app is not important
The new update I'd so bad
Its a good app but it won't let me in my account because I just redownload it and it said something about putting my phone number on it even though my phone bill isn't paid and it hasn't been paid in 7 months
just wanted to suggest something. Imagine if a user can switch accounts in discord, perhaps, without having to log out or smth?
After the update no more SMS support. That's all I used it for. Incredibly stupid choice from my point of view. I'm upset because I liked it. Goodbye.
For the most part this app works great. But if you really want it to work you must buy the upgrades. At which point you might as well quit being cheap & go get you a plan.
it's a nice app to have if you are between phone plans and need to keep in touch.
I'd still like for my old number to be switch back to where it belongs because I didn't switch it and somebody else change it it's what I'm investigating right now and sediments are well known in the community I am in please keep this phone number activated at all times CIA is watching everything thank you
worse update I've seen in an app, went from excellent to complete garbage with the new ui.
Glitchy and won't even give a dial tone when calling, worthless piece of s***.
It's good to share ideas with my groups.
It wont let me make my calls, it just doesnt ring sometimes, it says poor wifi connection when it says excellent in the corner, and it says unable to connect.
Please fix some bugs while moving between your app and another🙏
the new discord update is NOT the way to go. its not intuitive, made the feature of what closing dms redundant and gave a ui overhaul to something that was designed correctly in the first place. please give the option to undo this paticular update.
This app is alright just for messaging, but when I go into calls with video or just audio the person the other side says they can't hear me, so I switch to LTE and they say it still doesn't work, so once again I switch to wifi and they say it's better. Overall, if your gonna use this app just use it for messaging and if you want a good video calling and audio app then Google duo is perfect.
Pre-fix: I LOVE Discord, but this app update is awful. The bubbly interface is confusing and annoying. Please put it back. EDIT: they put it back!!!!!!!!!! Yay!!!!
Good and reliable the application is good to trust
Updated 12/03 23 OMG the glitches, now I'm not receiving texts till I open the conversation....DO NOT RECOMMENDANT THIS APP AT THIS TIME! Was a 5 now a 2. My thoughts exactly to what all others are saying.... you drop SMS I drop you. Plus they should be concentrating on the glitches and bad call reception. Very pissed that I need two apps to chat, if they go back I'll consider keeping.
cant load pictures now 😖
Greatest app
User friendly and a great way to communicate with peers!
I rated it 3 Stars because when i use my phone number I waited to appear the verification code but it didn't appear
Good app, just an issue, it barely warns me if my number is gonna be taken down becuase I havent used it, which SUCKS. Overall good app just that "TINY" issue. I would like an explanation for that please.
It was working but now it says I need to pick a new phone number please fix this
Great app looks good
that is getting ridiculous.. i have been using discord since 2016.. and it was working fine on my 1gb ram tablet and God-know-what cpu.. aand my 2gb ram.. now im using a phone with 8gb ram and snap dragon 860.. with a 100GB free space and still.. glitches & lags? can't evenhave a normal chat without having to restart the application at least twice? maybeif you add something like the performance mode it would be better.. i'd rather have my 120FPS more than having ur fancy updates..
Used to be great. The new 211.15 update broke how it used to open links with their relevant apps, now it open all links with your default browser on your phone and it is super annoying.
Very happy to have given Mr Zuckerberg the digital finger Great work you Signal people Latest update, still 100% great
Love signal. Great app
hope it will fix soon. But if he use ipad or pone there is no problem. I
ok before the new update everything was fine, after, my phone wont recieve long messages and the voice part is terrible!! its free, but your bombarded  with ads, not worth your time, not until its fixed
There is still a bug in Xiaomi phones
Lagging when I'm watching others stream otherwise the app is pretty good 😊
Used up more battery than the screen itself. Fix and I'll change to 5 star
This is the great app provides good picture qualiry
Te reson I loved signal was that I could have SMS and private messaging in one place....aaaannndddd it's gone!
I love discord, but I've been experiencing a weird bug lately. Whenever I click to see any img, it doesn't show. It just blacks out completely. Even after installing the update it's not fixing at all.
You guys need to fix the issue where you sign in with CORRECT INFORMATION and says it is wrong. I signed out of an account, trying to sign into my main account, reset my password as it would not let me in with my previous one, and for the last three days i have not been able to sign in. I am 100% sure i am entering all of my information correctly. Every time i attempt to sign in, it says i have failed the login attempt. Even after reinstalling the app twice. This app is highly broken. Also, messages will frequently fail to be exchanged, and the formatting recent update is much harder to use than the previous version.
I wish I had to not update so much. It take up to much space
Unreliable bad app. Calls time out, sometimes I can't access the interface to control calls because it's busy loading advertisements, sometimes the call volume is so low I can't hear what's going on. Don't waste your time
The desktop app is lovely, but the new UI for mobile sucks so bad. I haven't heard a single person say they like it. I'm BEGGING for a social media/messaging app that just stays consistent and doesn't make major changes like this. It's extremely irritating, less usable, and a lot of my favorite features were removed. I'll give a 5 star review if they listen to their users and go back to how it used to be, but for now, 2 stars.
It seems like a good app but it's not downloading on my phone
Wonderful APP! Just ruining a little slow if log in running on a browser.
All of a sudden when I attempted to add a new group member this morning, it would not let me. I have tried everything to no avail.
Good and easy to use
It works but blocks authentication texts unless you pay. Not worth it.
Ok. The suggested topics are a little obnoxious. They look like ads and go against grain of apps main appeal-close knit communication a la gchat etc
Constantly getting a notification that signal is checking for messages wastes my energy. No obvious way to turn this off. What's the point? Just send message notifications.
Old version is better  and fast
Every time I open this app - 20mb usage. Every time I check for texts - 20mb usage. I'm exaggerating a little, but still, WHAT THE HELL! 2 days:100 messages:80mb. Even with background data disabled. That's ridiculous!
needs to be renewed every month to keep a number and could use a connection to android auto.
I have used text now for a long time and love it always my first choice but all of a sudden I'm trying to log in and it just keeps telling me a unknown error and to try again and i don't understand why really. if you could please help. thanks
OMG it won't work I can't make the account it keeps on saying wrong format!!!!!! Horrible,listen to me don't download it,it's horrible
With the new updated UI, the mobile app feels a little more mobile-y and definitely looks to be meant for phones. Main issue is that the full execution is poor. The old UI was quick and snappy with navigation, and the new UI is laggy and sluggish. It can take a few seconds for presses to register. Some settings are hidden and difficult to navigate to, like changing stream volume. The app doesn't always stay on the new UI either, it sometimes flips between both old and new on entry.
this app is ok
Sending pictures has gotten much better!! I do have an issue with the phone not notifying me that someone is calling. It's not uncommon to be notified by a buzz that I missed a phone call 6 mins ago or to be staring at my phone and then get notified that I just missed a call. I have an s22 ultra for reference.
love the text and pics u can send awesome
Just bad. It got worse over time. What a shame.
Stop supporting Signal. No more money due to their lack of SMS support. I know mixing plaintext with encrypted text weakens encrypted text, but I could never get some users and family members to switch to Signal. Since I must stay in contact with them only my few groups that have Signal, I will use SMS for most of my communications and use Signal only for the few contacts that have it. Too bad Signal did not elect to have their Signal groups send plaintext to everyone if anyone is plaintext 🤨
it's better now
It is a good app to have when you just have WiFi.
I luv this app I only have 1 issues and to me and most it's important and its been able to use a song from my own media player if unable at least ad a song that's loud and longer than 2 notes or just add old fashion ring ring if added il change to my rating to 5 star
Please make a space for private messages
It has been randomly closing lately and makes it hard to send a text when
the app is okay but im having some problems lately receiving messages,, new messages are not updating even though i receive notifs for new messages,, please help and ill update my feedback,, thank you,,
Good experience. Except, sharing limited photos 📸 options. 7-20-22. Updated: For Signal, the main issue with the SMS feature is the lack of security. Unlike the internet-based chats, the text messages are not protected by Signal's strong security protocols. Feb 7, 2023 Recently, iPhone users are having problems with receiving/ transmitting texts. June 2023 and September 2023.
Ive been receiving pornographic text messages from gmail accounts. Im never downloading this again
My chats get stuck on mute. It's an issue that recently started to occur and it's annoying. I used to be able to delete the app and then redownload it and it would be fine but now they seem to be permanently stuck that way. Then I get the pop up to rate the app...
A very good useful app
Not getting notifications on Android
It was a great app, Perfect even. But they changed the UI from the already great UI to a complete mess. They say it's faster and better, But it bearly functions and load times have only increased.
It's cooler and you can join eysever 👋 I will try
My only problem is that it shrinks the images and videos I send. It never did this before and it does now. Please fix this. But other than that, you did great
It wont register a number for me.. Not one area code avaliable really
Iliketoplàygàmeswith my friends and talk to my friends
Great App, so far.
Generally a great app but shouldn't be getting rid of SMS support
Requires you to pay a monthly fee in order to view texts from other phones.
Does not want to download anything
Umm it's ok. Not my favorite but it doesnt give me any trouble either
The app is very good. It is similar to whatsapp but, it does have games which makes this app even better.
Very reliable app
App  is good but those pop ups drive me crazy if you're not getting minutes I think it's fair not to get crazy as pop ups.
A weird thing happens when I send pictures: for some reason it says "Signal" below every picture I send, unless I delete the text before sendig it. I have no idea why this happens and haven't found an answer even after extensive research.
Nonethe messages are getting through on the group chats or individual chats. They keep telling me I have new messages, but there is nothing there.
People use this to scam you! Be careful!
Keeps us informed and doesn't bog up my reg msgs.
messages from canada to US not sending
Pants! Messages don't come through. (Yes power settings allow access). Media library doesn't show thumbnails, large videos won't send. Not good sorry.
I've lost multiple accounts, my account got disabled for tryna get rid of my copy cat, the new update is so confusing, it is so glitchy it is so hard too just simply open the damn app. I love discord but god damn can we have the old verson back. It was 10× better then this version. " We changed the layout too make it easier. " easier too confuse us all or easier for the 60 yr old adults who cant use their brain cells too figure out a damn app?
Emoticons Next To People's Names Anymore, It Used To Let Me Send Long
Hate it
They updated it and the UI is so horrible now, please change it back :(
It was all working well until it came up as a Hacker had been thru it
sometimes hanging, voice not clear etc..
I get no cell coverage but can still text with wifi. Love the security as well. Just wish I could have on two devices.
It's fine but some chats have cool downs that are hours long, and if I post something, it just says sorry can't process, and then I have to wait 6 stupid hours, its annoying, fix this.
It goes online even if i just set it to invisible
It's great love it
I hate this new update for the mobile application. In my opinion it's much harder to navigate and understand unlike it's previous counterpart that was easy to use
Background call window stays grey as if no video to be seen
and accidentally clicked a Google Docs file in my Google Drive. The
Had it on my galaxy s7 and had no problems. I downloaded it to my galaxy s9 and never recieve notifications now. I have tried everything.
Doesn't allow to sign up
Terrible app.  Texting doesn't work, I'll send a text and it the recipient doesn't get it, phone calls are dropped after 10 seconds to run an ad.  Every time!  New texts don't show up until hours later.
Really good app when i first got it.recently it wasnt getting texts from people and crashing.i uninstalled and reinstalled the app.now i cant login to my account.please fix
Video image dark and constantly stops, I have to reconnect
this is a not-so-good app you have to pay for minutes for watch videos with 6 hours of time and it is a good app for talking to your friends or long-distance relationships but I really wouldn't recommend it unless you want to spend hours of every day trying to get minutes to be able to talk to your friends and family it's also not good for situations when you are strandedit's good for this app to not have you to pay or want to videos for hours it's not a very good app I don't recommended it
has worked well for the need to communicate in group
I have already activated sim card. I cannot make or receive calls. So I have to use my WIFI to uses text now to makes and receive calls. Clearly text now claimed you can make calls unlimited, Really please show me.
KEEP SMS! Not everyone I talk to is going to want to install this app which will make this app pointless to have... You guys following in Google's footsteps? Cause they'd make a good app too then they keep messing with it and mess it up... So with the new update does the person we're calling have to have Signal as well or will it not go through...?
Alright over all. Can't join any group chats that require a verification. It keeps saying my phone is already linked to an account. It will send me a code, but says the code isn't valid no matter how many ways I try to enter it. Even if I enter the code immediately after it's sent to me.
I'd give it a five star but it lagged a lot
Sometimes it doesn't import all the contacts...sad face. It wasnt connecting with my Bluetooth on the signal call.
It needs to let us personalize it a little more. Like colors on themain screen.
Very good to use
Used this app as a second number the last year or so. Can't press ignore on calls without opening the app, a quarter of the calls that I recieve I can't answer, and even with those issues I still liked the app for texting- until these last 2 days when I lost a full and a half days work because I completely stopped receiving messages and calls with no warning. Tried force stopping it, texting it from multiple numbers, Uninstalled and reinstalled and nothing. Not getting anything in or out!
the app keeps getting worse with each update :// the newest mobile update look awful, and isn't intuitive in the slightest. please discord just put it back to the way it was. all the AI stuff, the profile customizations, they really aren't necessary. and my nitro subscription is feeling less and less worth it every update.
Could stand to have a longer mute ability.  The so still carries to much control.  Messes with other settings.
Privacy is most needed in this world and signal offers it at the best. Let us enjoy.
No SMS support = no more Signal. Bye bye & FO
I'm not receiving the messages another person sends me
Despite having a functional Internet connection (WiFi), I have a red banner at the top of the screen telling me Skype cannot connect to the Internet. I was using Skype for business up until 2 weeks ago when this issue arose. Kind of frustrating.
I see what they are trying to do, but they executed it very poorly. The actual app is horrible. Every time I go into the app, guess what comes up first. The ads come up first even before my messages come up. You would also think they would put ads in the texting portion but they did that too. And if you have a slightly slow phone, that that ruins everything. When you send the text, the keyboard is collapsed, revealing a huge ad that gets in your way. That "feature" in the app really makes it hard to send multiple texts at once, since you have to keep clicking the box to get your keyboard up. I really wished they just changed this. This app would be perfectly fine if it wasn't loaded up with ads that make your phone slow. And I would rather buy a plan than get the ad block subscription, cause then I would not be free.
Terrible service. No longer works for verifying youtube accounts.
Wouldn't let me log in or create account
A husk of what it once was. At this point it's just broken. Most of the time my partner does not hear me and has to call back. Causes frequent issues with Bluetooth audio. For three days now I got a notification saying I am still in a call.
I give it a 2 cuz I didn't use the app for 30 days or more and it made me change my # for the app and now I lose my contacts that were with my other #... I need those contacts back!!!!! Please help me!!! I want my old number back!!! From text free user... mia13mia
Hey! To the respected Discord developers. I am a discord user and the Discord isn't working properly in my mobile can you please, fix the issues i think there is some bugs in the application that's why the application isn't working well. Whenever i open the app and click on the message or profile option the app is not letting me open that. I hope you fix that as soon as possible. Thank you!
Too cumbersome and very hard to use. For example, in order to DM someone, you need 4 different clicks on their profile.
There is no significant rival.
DMs are disappearing, and the UI is buggy. You need to actually test things before pushing them out.
Because it's too good for new people
We enjoy using GroupMe because it's easy and works well.
Alway's bad connection
Not a user yet
Is good app. Make talk to friend.
Calls don't go through
well vert unfriendly application copy paste on using in a chromebook is a hassle i cant access two accounts evry time i have to log in to the account of my preference why cant you app ask me which account i want to acess and why cant copy sruff without its acting weird youh can surely impriove it please do make it more user friendly even for chromebook users we arent aliens as chromebook is more functional if this weird app will work perfectly without unecessary hassels and werid rules o
too much update no functionality
Overall it's cool, couple of features missing like the basic 'online' and 'typing' statues
I've been using TextNow for almost 4 years and have nothing issues and I loved it until few weeks later, my data is super duper slow. It's always 3G for the past weeks and there is no LTE at all and I'm very disappointed. I've tried to contact the customer service or HR, and every time I've tired to contact, they are not available! I'm very disappointed and I really hope my data is back again like usual. And for the people who have issues like me, stay strong!
bring back the old UI you freaks no onne asked for this
Messages aren't delivered if you close the app.
l think it s a good app and quite handy
Fast and reliable
By removing mmms/sms you are removing my ability to communicate with my friends better than the messaging app. When you dropped custom alert notifications it was close to to much, but it was not your fault. This is.
I can't do the login with my account, because the app asked me the
New UI sucks, the old system worked wonderfully, now I have to tap unnecessary buttons to switch from conversations. I can't scroll to look at the server member list either, I have to click more buttons. This doesn't streamline anything. please revert the changes or allow the old system to come back
I've used this app for a while. I paid the $4.99 and lost my number. I then switched to $1.99. Lost number again. I get no explanation so I'm done with textnow.
Been using discord for around 3 years now, it's simple once you get the hang of it and I use it more than sms or any other messaging system. Also recent update made the stream quality way better even without nitro, good app never disappoints. edit: new update on phones makes it worse
It's good and all but when I try to add my phone number and the verification code keeps saying it's already being used.
I would give this a 5/5 star, but when I voice call my friend we can't hear each other clearly, it's like our mics are disconnecting
Great app, wish we can edit our comments.
Removing sms. Removing this app.
Uh, easily the BEST FREE unlmtd. Talk text APP THERE IS... LOOK NO FURTHER YOU WILL DOWNLOAD A ND INSTSLL THIS APP ON EVERYONE OF YOUR DEVICES TIL THE END OF TIME, BET!
This is pretty good 👍
I have to keep logging in every couple of minutes, the app is unusable.
This app is fire + i can talk my fav youtubers so yea thats a best app :D
It works for making calls to Venezuela. Sometimes the reception is not that great but it's very possible to be the reception down there
Easy to use, great for team sports.
I dont want this app
Best experience I've had phone service free clear and on time thanks TextNow
I love not being spyed on But this always having to update I can't my phone is full
It's so nice app but why don't now it's app don't install my phone
Still has some issues for mobile. I don't like that I manually have to follow tickets individually in a server. Instead of coming up in the area they are assigned to, they come up under suggested channels to follow. I have to follow each one and hope that they are even suggested for me to see. I also don't like the search feature. It's much harder to use, especially with searching for specific things for individual members. It only shows me info for specific channels and not as a whole.
This worked great for a while but I suddenly stopped getting push notifications and text messages from the app. No change to my settings either just sudden stop. I'm not the only one with the issue either. Hard to trust a messenger app that doesn't tell you you've got messages.
It's not good for sending and receiving pictures or for making calls. There are too many ads which are really annoying. Aside from that, it's OK for texting
excellent application free phone service when you buy sim for only $5 NO Monthly payments
It works great but inless you pay money you cannot get your verifications to make sure you are who you say you are so that part sucks but Everything else worked perfect
Such garbage. Just use FB messager. Doesn't even require a FB account.
pretty good, but I don't like how you can't scroll left and right to ser photos in the chat, you have to press the "x" then find the next photo.
I used to be a big advocate for Text Now. I'm not so sure anymore. Just recently, I had to replace a Sim card they had sent me. I had problems activating the sim card, and had to contact customer service multiple times. I finally got in touch in chat with someone named "Royall". Long story short, they ended up not helping at all, and LOCKING ME OUT OF THEIR CHAT HELP! I was not impolite/ uncivil at all, and this was completely uncalled for.
Quality of calls fluctuates.
Good aps
Excellent and so Private
It's really good
Aggravating.... I bought your SIM card, I pay your monthly... so why doesn't my phone ring for incoming calls? I get notified of missed calls... that wouldn't be missed if my damn phone rang. Why do my text randomly stop being sent? Incoming populate, but responding isn't possible unless I reboot my phone. Fix the got damn system... I have dealt with this BS long enough.
It's ok but since a few days ago I can't add people on group calls. It appears like I added them, but they are not called and I can't call them from the participants list. Please fix this!
It's great, I'll see how it works overseas.
Team is decided
I would have given this app five stars if the texting didn't lag and glitch. I have no problem with anything else. I haven't ever ran out of minutes and the ads don't pop up randomly or take over the whole screen like some other apps. If you could fix this then I would definitely give this app five stars!
Doesn't show me notifications that people wrote to me, all shoes up at once when I open the app myself.
This app is the wort app ever you do not need to log into your account
App is great. However, when I complete offers, I'm not rewarded with the call minutes promised. I've downloaded apps, and ran them. Days later, still no minutes added.  Fix this and it's an easy 5 stars.
Not heard other people very well
Tbh I like discord alot I use it everyday but the nitro is not useful just for a moving pfp n banner, no one else uses it for other reasons. I think moving pfp should be free and the others nitro.
Drops call downtimes
everything was working great. now it no longer allows me to send songs or teachings. a line with a red x appears. i have updated it to the latest version but when i fill out the support form the respinse keeps coming back that it isnt the latest version
Love the texting. No problems at all. But as for the calls, doesn't work. Everyone can hear me, but I can't hear them. :-/ Big Bummer. But I love to text, so its ok.
I can't record audio over my microphone's recording while sending a voice message it just says 'Unable to record audio' please fix it
For the most part navigation and setting up the app is good and easy, the damn part about it is that when it's on Wi-Fi the cause and text messages don't seem to come through or be hurt until probably maybe an hour or so later or when I've come up off Wi-Fi. Sometimes when I'm off Wi-Fi the signal and service is okay depending on where I am but most of the time I don't get good phone reception or either the person that I'm on the phone with can't hear me or I can hear them when I'm not on Wi-Fi
Why is it echoing now?
I can't upload photos from my gallery to skype
Great way to communicate with our team...so easy to use and keep an active thread going!
Alright so times are tough right now and i only have text now # fir phone and my google account was hacked so i needed to change old # and such and only waybi could is get google verification code right well text now wouldnt let me unless i upgraded my account
The new update is not very good
I cant use it offline
discord try not to actively make your app worse with every update challenge (level: IMPOSSIBLE) the new ui sucks so bad. give us back the old one please for the love of god. have mercy. it was literally fine nobody had complaints. name one time somebody asked for this update. you can't.
sometimes the call 📞 doesn't work
This thing refuses to deliver a user code no matter what.
Text now isnt really reliable!
You can't place phone calls on some public WiFi networks, but otherwise it works exactly as described
Recent update.. Dec 6th 2023 really messed up the experience for me, the UI is so laggy and cumbersome to navigate. Randomly it browsing different channels the page would get stuck on the previous channel. You have to force quit the app so it will refresh. Running on a pixel 7. Give us the ability to go back to the old UI
if i could no stars i would. this app had me purchase mintues even b4 using, then when i had a call the other person couldn't hear me, so they kept having to call back. once we finally connected there was a massive delay in the conversation. i have only had 1 successful call and now its telling the caller his number is restricted. want to uninstall, unfortunately i will lose the money i put on it for minutes..DON'T INSTALL APP, waste of time
It disconnects on me a lot especially the texting
Shuts off when I turn it on
It has been super easy to connect with the group going to the same event!
Sensational and excellent service when I needed it.
Great at work
Nice and Easy you use
It is very good for sending messages, but it doesn't ring when someone calls me with such as someone has some important new to say, and no one answers, everyone that texts me on that app it 80% sure the phone's not ringing.
I did everything and know everything I need to know but I still can't login. Besides that, I love it.
Every update the app just gets worse, what was so wrong with the old format? I would have rated it as 4 stars before, but with every update they change something else that was completely fine and it creates a gazillion bugs.
it's a pretty good texting app but I would like it better if I would be able to make my own personal phone number
Enjoy conversing with my Cousins!!!
My inbox won't load. It's updated i restarted the phone. Not sure what else to do here. Very disappointing
Discord, can you please add a clear chat feature that all I need to give you 5 stars just for the person who wanted to clear the chat
Occasionally, the sound is like it's underwater.
People keep getting me out of it >:(
I can no longer supports Skype it just simply will not ring my phone when I get a call! I might get vibrations in the only time I actually could get a call as if it is in my hand when I get a call in because it will not ring!
I eat poo. I eat poop. I eat poopoo
Please fix the "gifs-bug". Giffys aren't showing previews upon searching. Please do fix this for PCs and other OS...
Do not get Notifications from this app.
No matter what I do, I don't recieve notifications for messages and whenever i send a message it tells me tbat i have an unread message to read
Here I thought the new update would've fixed the minor gltiches and bugs when accessing the app through the message notifs but it didn't it actually made the app load a bit slower than before. The new update also feels unnecessary, I mean why isolate the dms? It alwas just fine before sitting at the topper left corner. It feels off the the dms are now at the bottom part seperated from the servers not to mention the active status of each member in the server really feels off as from slide to tap.
If it loads ill tell ya
So far, so good....no probs; however, I am concerned about the process after mins run out. As for now, works excellent, clear on calls, quick on texts. Biggest complaint, are adverts. Need to inform the market, it is like streaming~pay to eliminate ads.
Very happy with this app.
To much infidelity encourage
I'm only reviewing the mobile app here. This app is really annoying. There are so many features missing from discord mobile that half the things you can use normally don't even work at all on a phone, like, you can send gifs on a phone, but you can only favorite them on a computer. If it wasn't for issues like these it would be a perfect 5 star review, but with so many things missing it really is frustrating to use the mobile app or to even attempt to manage a server from only a phone.
Am trying to cancel subscription and Skype ignore and won't let me!!
This app is great for fun times with my friends and stuff but I have a few things that I think should be known: •Whenever I'm on a call with one of my friends and I want to screen share something it immediately kicks me out of the app, can't even stream family guy :[. •And more of a recommendation then an complaint but..I think a feature to sort DM's and group chats into folders like the servers would be neat, like for projects, archives, and stuff, and would just feel way more organized
Cannot use keys on automated call trees
Stop it. Stop changing things for the sake of changing things. Stop making things worse just for the sake of making it newer, and then force everyone to use your slop. Either fire every single "UI designer" you claim to have employed and get an entirely new set, or allow us to never use the garbage they produce. Edit: I don't care about your stupid bloody article. Nobody does. Revert the change.
Deleted all my pictures, gifs and voice-mailfrom the app when I uninstalled. Otherwise it works great as long as your wifi signal is strong.
Just wish that people who can't afford or can't pay for nitro have another way to get them, like ads maybe?
issue and not a single email has been returned I do not advise anyone to
It has its pros and cons.
Dropping my review from 5 to 2 stars. Ever since the framework update, this platform has been borderline unusable on Android. Each "bugfix" they release simply adds more bugs and fails to patch the glaring issues with the app (e.g. gifs slowing the platform to a screeching halt??). I would be more understanding if there was an active attempt at developing fixes for this broken platform, but some of these bugs have been around for years. Please focus on fixing before you add more things.
Kind of slow but it works
Good app easy going and simple
i was charged but i dont even have the app i was a refund
I love it u guys should help us poor people out with wifi for single moms with kids
I liked the old skype's outlook much more than this confusing and pointless
It's ok but videos take a very long time to load, and it doesn't matter that I have 5G/high speed WiFi, have already previously loaded the video, or if the video is only a couple seconds long.
Never opens on my phone
Haven't tried it yet hopefully it works
Videos won't play
not working properly
Very slow app..please develop this app..
PRETTY PRETTY PLEASE UPDATE THIS ALMOST PERFECT APP! ALL IT NEEDS IS A FEW TWEAKS TO ELIMINATE FREEZING UP & OCCASIONALLY SLOW LOADING TIMES FOR IT TO MAKE IT A 5 🌟APP!
Nun of the calls are going through I deleted the app and re-download it and it still ain't working y'all gotta fix this
change this update right now.
Awesome but I had to use text now to use door dash and order food get a verification code etc
Good god, this is one of the least intuitive apps I've seen in my life! It won't let me edit or copy the number I just called. It won't offer to just redial the number I just called. It won't automatically set the country code I just used as default for the next call, instead reverting to no code at all. Not to mention that the interface is not intuitive at all when you're trying to find a lot of things, like checking your balance or where to top up your credits. I'll look for another app!
No so good, it takes a lot of time to join a call.
This app has completely stopped working for me it refuses to let me log in even after I have changed my password. I keep getting an error message no matter what I do.
Just wished that I could just verify simply just with my email... Getting dumb errors saying: Someone else is using this phone number, try detaching your phone number from the other account. From trying to verify to talk and agree to the rules, Anything but the phone number cause some people are using my phone number too. I tried again and again, nothing. PLEASE FIX THIS SO I CAN TALK FOR REAL IM TIRED OF THIS VERIFICATION
I really enjoy using Discord on a daily basis, but the UI of this new update is a massive downgrade and makes using core functionality needlessly difficult.
this has really worked well for the family to share with each other
It's annoying to have mandatory updates.
took away ability to disable heads up notifications
It's a good app
Signal is great! I use it every day!
Released the number I had even though I used it.
Recently it hasn't been working well at all. It never loads chats properly and sometimes I have to reinstall. Sending things is a coin toss as to whether it will actually get sent or not, especially with pictures. They really need to get their Android app dev act together. I'm pretty unhappy and so are a lot of people in my groups
Text now is excellent service. My only complaint is that it auto synced to Google pay which won't verify my debit card so I can't pay for premium service. Text Now should not affiliate with Google so closely. If you want to know what someone is like look at whom they associate with....
You have to get minutes to call so i dont like it
Not better than whatsapp
Every gif you try to upload into chat fails unless it's a 144x144 mosaic puzzle, only then will it get properly uploaded.
Overall it is a good app except I had to uninstall and reinstall, because I stop getting notifications and it was not turned off.
Not adding me to my group
No option to delete contacts
Never had a problem until now. For some reason my emojis have turned into question marks after being sent on my end but not the receivers. No update available, please fix
Now I can stay in touch with the people who means a lot to me and friends with and family as well
have nothing but good things about ya
The new layout doesn't show up to me, I'm still in the old one
Would more rating if notification issue not there. There is an issue with notification. It used to come very late . Many of my friends have same issue. Even what we noticed , there is some issue with application to use network properly as it get disconnected automatically for couple of seconds and again reconnect on healthy network of both mobile as well as Wi-Fi.
Truly appreciative
This is a great app. No fuss messages sent
The new app is an absolute eyesore and dumpster fire go back to what it was before please
No SMS???? I just got a notification on Signal stating that we will not be able to send non Signal messaged soon. That is a bad idea. Not everyone uses Signal, if I have to use two different apps to text it will not be useful anymore. I highly recommend not making that change if it can be avoided.
ANNOYING AND AWFUL UPDATE
It cool
Ever since the most recent update to the mobile app. there has been nothing but glitches and bugs.. The video call layout it not very compatible and does not have a default screen settling. I'm alsohaving to close and open the app constantly in order for it to work properly.
The app works but when it told me I need more space to upload videos I got nitro and it still didn't work
Cannot change incoming messages colors, has access to contacts even when it's explicitly denied. False sense of security.
Right on time,it's really convenient
I don't like that sometimes messages are not in a box. They are on a line and you miss them. Otherwise it's been pretty good.
A lot of lag recently.
I love this app I mostly use this app for Collabs and for talking to my friends but ever since the new update where you have to change your username it made it hard to add friends but I still use this app I've been using it for almost a year
Can't see any groups. Can't search for any groups. I've been added to groups but they don't show up in the app.
What would it take to have a poll option or event creater? This app has been great and having the features mentioned would make it even better!
I've used this app for over 2 years, and I'm really disappointed from the new updates. After the new nitro update came out discord started to function less. Now after the new template update, it has became a lot more overwhelming and slow functioning. The new template was very unnecessary, overstimulating, and atrocious. Discord is a lot more slow now, and even the new voice chat templates aren't it. PLEASE listen to your users
There are settings you'd think should exist in a messaging app that this one just doesn't have. You can't remove yourself from a group? That's just weird. Really not a fan.
It's a great tool for parents with kids in activities.
The app keeps crashing even after multiple installation
New UI is hard to navigate with, it's like someone tried too hard and ended up ruining the whole app, please go back to the OG UI.
Fix the call issue when I make calls my friends can't here me
The app does fine when you first download it then suddenly stops working.
Love this app. Wish it were available to download on the pixel watch.
For the most part the app is fine, but two issues bother me more than the others: 1. The keyboard will randomly go down and not reopen for roughly 30 secs-1 min. It doesn't happen often, only when I type fast or have a laggy connection. It's been around for about 3 months for me if not longer now. 2. Reactions don't appear for me anymore. No matter what I do, I physically cannot see reactions on messages unless they are on an image or video, nor can I remove a reaction of any kind.
Terrible I got a viruus from it!
It works really well when I am messaging somebody or even video calling.
This is good if you want to ghost someone. Others use it as a way to scam people out of their money. I spoke with someone who got scammed by the previous person who had the number I was using. I felt bad for him/her. I think like over $10,000 then just ghosted him/her. I tried to give as much advice & tips that might of helped getting the money back. Hope everything turned out well.
...how the mighty have fallen. Deprecating sms/mms support is like Olympic committee canceling swimming from their summer games and offering a 100m doggy paddle as consolation. Antithetical to say the least!!
DOES NOT WORK. Keeps saying try again later. Fake app
Didn't like it too many numbers calling me that I didn't know
Stopped receiving text messages from 2 group me accounts on July 1, 2023. How do I resolve problem?
Love this app cause of the privacy I get and I know I can trust it
The app's so much bugged, with the nitro themes on, u can't see the embed colours. and with the new layout on the notifications and mentions gets merged which is so hard to navigate.
I would give it 4 stars but I can't receive pics and also every time I get a text, my tablet turns on and wastes battery life.
I can't giv it a good review or a bad one..... I can't figure out what I'm supposed to do to send it. I just wanted something that I could send a free text on, but I can't do that when the isn't a way to send it.
TextFree is normally a great ap to get free texting, but the latest update made it so that some contacts no longer show their names, only their number.
Il give you 5 stars if my text now starts working. My wifi is fast but still says connecting.🤦
WhatsApp has a group chat function as well.... So what's the point
It's good but when I use it my phones regular messenger doesn't work
Pretty Nice software
It's been great thus far
Call connection sucks! Texts delayed! If I could give a 0, I would.
I love this app, and now they've made themselves compatible with my tablet, so I'm thrilled. This is one of the best messaging apps ever
Love this application 😍 ❤ 🙌 💕 👌 💖
Doesn't work well sometimes and notifications only come through when you open the app itself.
Not happy.
A lot of work is remaining on improving this app. This app starts laging itself and if somebody is online it shows it correctly but if they close the app and clear background then still it shows them as active user. And signs of message sent and they seen the message is very worst as app is developed by Microsoft we can't expect this type of any product from you. There are many more problems but i can't type anymore by word limit. So fix these type of silly bugs hope we see a good upgraded skype
Old discord is very nice
It's really a bit good and cool, because i can talk to my friend and sending a art/pictures to my friends :)
I I wonder why the thing doesn't work when people call me on the phone it never works people are like oh hello hello hello hello hello hello but I can never and then they say that they can't hear I got to do to fix it
It's good. BUT IT ALWAYS UPDATES and IT SUCKS!!! 😤😬😠
Great for work
Since them discontinuing SMS it literally makes this messenger app useless to me. It's a real shame because I've used it for years but having to get everyone to get signal to still use signal is just not realistic. Back to looking for a new messages app for sms....
Text free need to deleted yall made this app for for people to her privately harass people
Edited: Seems the issues of the previous version went away. Is Discord finally listening a little to feedback? I'll wait and see.
Texting is okay, but I often don't get notifications if messages. Call feature barely worth it. Good app if you need call and text on wifi but if there's better then get it
This app is great.
It keeps on lagging. I cant even create an account. Pls help me out i need this app for our webinar this Monday.😔
Given that it's free, one can't expect all the extras that come with the paid service. But as someone whose only means of communication is via text, it works. I just hate all the ads that frequently pop up in the midst of typing or reading the texts.
It work so good
Tex now I use for years now
Lagging too much. The new update sucks it keeps lagging and not working. I'm hoping it can work during college, it doesn't work in college which is weird. Much better now but it is down on some occasions. Now it won't let me log in.
It's ok sometimes it lags and has annoying ads
Classic
Quite good to manage
It's useful. But you lose your number if you don't use it or pay.
The new ui is so unintuitive to use, you have to tap and swipe so much now. Everything, every action now needs a separate sub menu to access making navigating this app feels like a maze. Who thought this was a good idea?
It's a good tool to help students have a chat group for classes.
I use android OS, when I get on the app it keeps cycling to a blank white screen, erasing all I have typed! I am only successful with sending a message if I quickly touch the screen of who I want to message before the white screen cycles again. I can't rely on this app to communicate with friends and family.
Since I previously had GroupMe on another phone I had a problem connecting on the new phone. (Was unhappy with my provider because they were not able to offer me assistance).
Everytime I try and share a pic it fails. Please fix!
bugs me to see the orange text saying "message failed to send" so when I
When the call connects my screen goes black. Then every 15 seconds or so it will flash on for a split-sevond. Screen goes black for the phone itself,not just in the app. Only way to stop it is to turn off the phone. Uninstalling. Also,nothing in the settings to delete your account.
How I cancel my subscription
This app has moy failed me yet! I am able to get in touch with all my friends overseas. I had issues installing om somd of mh other devices and will soon kniw if therd is eork around. It is securd transport of messsgrs and phone calls. I would highly recommend it. I use it as my default messaging service ClaytonS
I miss calls and messages. Notifications go on and off. Sudden unexplained crashes out of nowhere that reboots my phone. It's been installing for hours.
App i amazing i can cheat on people and not even get caught😱😱
I use skype for only official purpose, i like the option of editing the message if we had a typo and removing message as we never sent it.
Discord used to be a 5 star app when it mirrored the PC experience. The latest update (sept 2023) has made it difficult to navigate. Not sure why they felt it needed this inferior update. I would have preferred if it remained very close to the PC experience.
It should have free minutes you spend a minute watching a video just too earn one minute waste of time
they are in a big upgrade period..I am looking forward to new service upgrades....
Texts are decent calls suck badly
I'm having trouble adding a friend into dms, I've already added his username as a friend and he already accepted my friend request, but it still says that I need to be in a mutual server or this user ID accepting direct messages from friends. Now it's not letting me friend him because it was an error. How is it an error if I have the user in my dms???
Discord is best for chating i use this 2 year but have a problem i open a new account because my recent account is now hacked :( btw problem is keep asking for wait are you human and i solve this puzzle but discord repeat the same thing i don't create a new account please fix this
I'd take my year and some months of weirdly growing and shrinking channel sizes (in fact, I miss them at this point) compared to this new UI. I hate it. I hate it so much. Muscle memory has me swiping left and I no longer cannot. I want my server lists back. Bring them back. I run 2 servers and I can no longer easily check up on my members. Edit to reply to the comment Discord has left: Do you think I haven't already done that? I've left feedback everywhere it can be left. Don't patronize me.
Won't sync messages across devices
I've been using Discord both on desktop and mobile for over half a decade, and always appreciated that I could swap between the two and get similar appearance and functionality while also having a consistent experience interacting with its features over that span of time. Discord's recent changes to its mobile app are a notable step away from the sort of design I'd grown to appreciate, and I'm not at all a fan of it.
Very buggy for Androids. I consistently miss pictures and videos from friends. I also am not able to upload videos to groups. Currently, I can't even send a message in some of my groups. It's pretty decent if you have an apple product though.
Aswful. No
awful UI changed, used to love the app but it's basically unusable now, video previews have never worked for me when trying to send or view already sent videos, and I am forced to have picture in picture screen shares as well as full screen or not watch at all
The new updated version is very slow that message text more than 3-4 seconds to get delivered as it keeps on buffering. Earlier also it was slow, now it has become slowest.
While searching for a job, scammers use this time several times trying to steal my information posing as a company doing an interview. Watch out...
All it is is an instant message app nothing special
Superb app for data sharing...Please try to make this app available for windows 7 (Professional)
The only reason I got this was for phone number verification, and it doesnt let me verify. The ads are way to frequent, and as always, theres a pay wall.
Waste of time. Constant network issues and text issues. Network down more than up. You receive messages that people send about 45 minutes after they send them. Real waste of time.
Please allow users the ability to turn off swipe right to reply. Will not update app until this as an option.
Great times
I paid five dollars just for the app to not let me call out. Can you guys fix it and then get back to spending the money you make from the app? Thanks.
Easy to set up,easy to use,and haven't had any problems 😎👍
"New revamped light and dark mode colors"? Are you kidding me???Why not just say "We are going back to 1950s Black and White color scheme"!?!?! Bring back the grey mode! New "revamped" mode hides thumbnail picture and video previews and when you mute a room, it has no image at all. Ridiculous!!!
I installed skype in my mobile and purchase monthly package for USA calls now i contacted skype to stop my purchase from next month but they are sleeping i dont now how they are poor for penny. Now i am unable to use that bank account due to them because they come and charge my account i dont know why they are doing this
FREE MY ASS..THIS APP AIN T FREE..AINT NOTHING FREE IN THIS WORLD..MUST WATCH PREVIEWS TO OBTAIN  MINS..R U SERIOUS
No customer support. No ability to pay on their website instead of on the phone.
It is the best
I've been using TextNow for about 10yrs. It has its days, when the App. Time to time crashes... what sucks about it, DOESNT RECIEVE CODES!
It is free come on
I WAS using this religiously, like everyday. For some reason today it will NOT log me in no matter what I do. Something about errors occuring. 1/10 DON'T recommend.
Removing sms. No longer useful.
why can't I get notified when there are new messages?
Can't seem to connect
It was good but it is not working properly, So i had deleted and again reinstalled it but it is not working. Problem: I typed the email address and accidentally I had closed the app but when I opened it show that the email has been registered but I didn't registered
Not sure what the devs are spending all that nitro money on but discord keeps getting buggier and buggier. Its so frustrating to use now
Budget worthy!
What's up!
Got kicked out of my account for no reason or prior notice as to even why, just was; I think someone has hacked my account, or reported me, and I need help recovering my account. If not, then leaving it at one star. This app should be more secure, the passcode is pointless because it is easily broken into/reset; please do better.
WhatsApp is no alternative
I'd give a five stars if I could afford the version that didn't have the ads in it. But the free version rocks
A lot of delays but great to send messages or videos if you're not in a rush
This site is very useful, stable, and appropriate.
Idk what happened but sometimes when I try to open discord on chrome, it gets stuck on the loading screen and dosen't open. Yesterday, my internet connection was also totally fine but I couldn't see a stream. I tried to view it in a different device too but it didn't worked
You can't call on this app! I call someone and I don't know if my phone or what but I tried call my old school and it said called but I never actually talked to the person what am I doing wrong?
It is a great way to stay in touch with people. You can group or single chat. However the app only lets you "heart" a message. I would like to see other options to responding to messages than just "heart".
It's a good app, but I was wondering if I could get some help getting back my old number I just deleted by accident today I'm guessing. I deleted the app somehow by accident and, so it deleted all my account. Is it possible to get my old number back and with all the history/ messages/ contacts I had if I give the old number info. and the email that likely associated with it? I forgot the password is the reason why I couldn't try logging into it. Thanks.
Useless junk. Waste of my time.
At first I love the app, because you could put different pictures on everybody's phone number. But as I had it for a little while they kept wanting me to reset my password I do it it go right back reset your password do it right back need to fix that.
great it really helps me when I don't have any actual phone company phone service atm
I've always enjoyed GM and I particularly love the emoji. So many options to express oneself without saying a word.
I can't add everyone I want
Once we got the hang of it, seems easy to use and reliable.
Aacha hai but online option 🫤
Im not sure if its just not compatible with my phone or what
Poor, drops in and out all the time.. when it works it works well
The app is useful. But not as useful like textnow
If you clear the android info bar, it wipes out received texts.  They don't show up at all in the app after clearing them from info bar.  Not good folks.
Chats are disappearing and messages are not sending.
it keeps closing by itself
It's a great app to keep up with family and friends...
the whole time you're trying to text with this app you keep getting pop ups that interfere we're seeing what you are texting my phone runs slow and freezes up a lot I give it a rating of two stars because it does work just not well at all
Very effective for communicating and sharing with groups of friends and family.
The connection is weak
It was fine until the latest update...super slow and laggy now.
It's not the Best Service, But it is the Best Priced Service. TextNow Has been a Huge help with the Price of 'EVERYTHING' Going up through the Roof.
The app showes everybody in the call and you are not able to see yourself properly, cause your window is very tiny. Rest quiet okay.
Hate this app.. due to corrupt backup, i lost all my chats. Uninstalling the app
I enjoy the app and i only have had one problem with downloading without going to browser and it crashing but other than that I really do enjoy the app and its got some very fun features that I find enjoyable keep up the good work i enjoy the app
I get a friend or someone to call my number, and the phone does not ring. When they hang up, that's when it shows missed called, but it never rang for me to pick it up. Horrible. That is making me lose out on important phone calls.
Video quality is not the best. I use to love this app. Video quality was better than Whatsapp. It doesn't seem the same now.
I love Natalie Portman
Sometimes my calls don't go through or texts but 75% of the time they do
Keep u in touch wit family
New layout is way less user friendly and the video-calling background is not appealing in any way, shape, or form. Why can't I change the color? We want actual dark mode please. The buttons are also literally on top of eachother, so good luck if you don't have baby fingers. Discord thinks you want voice calling on phone by default. Occasionally, your screen go black for no reason. Optimization is extremely bad.
It doesn't even let me sign in! Letter doesn't show up when you type!
its not optimized, at least. this apps feels like is draining battery and resources like crazy. If you try to switch apps between a call, you'll probably notice what I'm saying. hope for a lighter version...
I cant find where to delete messages?
You can have signal on an android phone and an ipad pro but not on andriod phone and android tablet..... would give this 5 stars if could have on android phone AND android tablet.
Topping up Skype credit an absolute nightmare. I can never remember how to update card details and even an expert took ages to help me do this. and many other functions totally unintuitive !!
Was ok like 2 years ago smh but now its just Trash
It a good app but they gave me 501 it was 901
It was good at first but now I don't get quite a few calls and texts and I have a few friends who don't get my texts but I can call them and I used to get sign in codes for websites and now I don't I even paid for it a few months ago, maybe I have to pay again otherwise until a month ago it was a great app. A month later and it's getting worse it's freezing up and I constantly having to reload. The thing is that it's a great App but they got to fix some "Bugs" before I find something else
Seems like every update app is getting worse and worse, please bring back the old app layout, new one is really messy and uncomfortable
I like having a good backup #, this app works great
The app is always crashing, it doesn't let me know when someone's calling, it doesn't let me make calls,and I'm constantly updating it just for it to still not work.
The new mobile UI is a significant step in the wrong direction. The old UI was simple, easy to use, and it was nice that it functionally worked just like the desktop app. Please reconsider this. Even reddit wasn't dumb to not give users an option to stay with their old UI.
Wifi signal should be good to use app.
It used to work fine till few weeks ago. It's not sending or receiving messages when I'm off the wifi. I have a Android phone.
Very bad takes to long to send a text and doesn't make calls doesn't do much of anything
I wish that this does not use Wi-Fi
It's not working properly for some reason It's is taking so long to get it working 😫
Discord is great for communication, live calls, meetings, screen sharing, with a well organized interface that will make communication even easier. But it would not be the best software for file sharing, because of it's size per file limit when uploading.
The app is usually very reliable, but in the last week the app just closes every time I open it. I go to open up a message and I have seconds before it closes out. If I just have it sitting open on the messages page it will just close. Please fix it.
Works great I used it to text and call all my friends and family and yes always free and it sounds great the only problem I've had if that sometimes it freezes up and save TextNow is not responding. But I've been using this for years and the call always goes through and works great as long as I have a Wi-Fi connection
You should be able to change people's nickname on your account.
About nine ona ten scale
It's pretty terrible but I use it out of necessity.
recycling my number everytime work on it and conversation connection is always in and out .
Awesome and Great App. So usefull. Totally changed Life. Thanx😊
What happened? I had to re-install because it wouldn't open, and I have to refresh to receive messages. Please fix
Will not notify me any new messages
It's an ok appy
I had this before and it was pretty good I liked it. The annoying part was you had to use it alot or you would lose your phone number. So I pay the $2.99. I just paid $4.99 without reading it had changed. You get to keep the phone number but it has so many ads I think I'm going to start having seizures. To get rid of the ads you have to pay $9.99 A MONTH. I cannot recommend this.
Over all it's a functional app. It's very easy to use, and that is great for me.
Hey recently have re-installed the signal and have chat backup. Now am unable to load chat backup in latest version and error is unable to load contacts with latest version. Any suggestion. Thanks in advance.
I like 👍 it, because, I video chat and play startrek command fleet with my alliance, just like the commercial
very good group communication app. sometimes there are a few bugs so I can't give a 5 star, but still highly recommended. Especially since there is no cost to use or join. Sooo much better than group SMS
Stuck on connecting, tried everything. Doesn't work.
Absolute bias towards Israel
Love discord, using it for a while now but the new update is buddy ash. Sending voice recordings is a pain, it continues to record even after sent sometimes the app just crashes all together which makes using the voice recording function pointless since I now have to waste an extra couple minutes to reboot app and record the same thing over only for it not work for another 3 or 4 times.
The best until SMS support stoped. Uninstalled. Cant have two apps doing the same thing.
With the removal of SMS fallback, most of my Signal-using contacts.....don't anymore. So thanks for that.
It can get annoying with your phone always blowing up
My calls aren't going through, the only good thing about the app is I can still text
Horrible service
Horrible app. $5.00 and every number is unavailable. Waste of time, want a refund.
It's annoying but if I need this app for volleyball so 4stars
99+ (not sure why you folks changed this...) I also have had issues with
Okay app. Great to be in touch with family. A few glitches.
It's so awesome
Very good in conversation
GOAT for the longest time. Removal of SMS support means its now worthless for communicating with all but the smallest percentage of my contacts. Signal lived long enough to see itself become a villain.
Not that great
I think safe morw then whatapp
Hello what is the textnow logging out it self on my phone
Excellent, but you only have 1 hour to delete a message.
App won't let me message. I can call and see messages that come in but I can't type in the area that says type a message here. No keyboard pops up
Hide my information please
I would give a 5 star BUT biggest issue is I can do the text message for GroupMe but can't use the GroupMe app or synchronize the app and text message....makes me feel left out
It helps me with my band experience
Best app i love It.
My calls are not working
Notification problem
best choice for privacy concerned people
Please help phone number hacked
I started using Discord because it was different from other messaging apps, in an innovating and fresh way. With the latest update and the new theme Discord has lost all of its uniqueness, everything takes longer to do, DMs are annoying to get to and oh the lag, it's unbearable how sluggish it is compared to the snappy quick older versions.
Much better than in 2021 when I did my 1st review. Thank you for updating it. It functions so much more smoothly that we switched over from line app to discord for our game needs.
Not allowing to post pictures and it's not allowing to re upload app.
😆 Not good and not bad 😆
Good app but there are some bugs: Sometimes a contact won't load Sometimes the ad (under keyboard) will take me to random websites even tho i didnt click it AUTO CORRECT IS INSANE Thanks bye
This is a GREAT group messaging app! It has ALWAYS worked no matter what phone I happened to switch to!!
Took away my ohone number without warning, displays it at the top of a list of free numbers, then claims it was taken the moment in between loading the list and claiming the number. Refreshing the list by closing and reopening the app, restarting my phone, etc, still shows my old number as free yet makes the same claim it "just got snatched up by another user." Clearly a scam. This used to be a decent texting app even though it was full of ads. Avoid or don't expect to actually use your number.
I want to give it five stars but now my skype calls gets hang , i cant press the call button to accept the call, and some times when i will pick call, its still ringing tone behind the call
Good app for communication. Crystal clear sound gives you pleasure experience of phone call.
I like this app used to like it a whole lot more when it allowed regular sms
Satisfied
Buttons won't work properly
The new UI is absolute garbage. Edit: I don't need a patronizing article explaining the changes. The changes are generally clunky and awful. I honestly cannot believe you thought this was good and released it into the wild... Edit 2: No I will not give you any further feedback or suggestions. You've ruined the UI and clearly you're set on keeping this garbage.
it's ok, wifi connection has to be perfect to make calls 😕
CANT CALL OUT
App is not functioning properly, kindly help me and fix the issues. Chat restore is not working.
Too many ads. To much space to download. Inappropriate ads. Please reply and subscribe to Evers palace on YouTube
Great way to keep groups organized!
Frequently it crashes and makes it's read only mode. Then have to re-install it to access the channels Have tried to restart the phone too. This issue has been since 7-8 months multiple times.
The app will NOT let me delete out going calls. This is frustrating because, i receive way to many robo calls. I call them back to remove my number and want to be able to delete them off the conversation list. Only outgoing calls, i get error message evey time.
family fun
I like it, no complaints other than the fact it takes up a lot of storage but that's my fault I keep it because it's too good too delete.
I think over all its an amazing app but I got a new phone today and I could not transfer it over without paying money.
Need to be able to have separate accounts. May lead to being a best phone company amongst others.
The newest update (as of Dec. 6, 2023) is absolutely awful. The UI is significantly less intuitive and harder to navigate. I also personally don't like the aesthetic of the new icons. Review will be improved if the UI changes are reverted.
Where is the search button please put it back. I cannot search for a discord group. It totally sucks that i have to start scrolling through the app to find a particular group. There was 5 primary icon at the bottom of the app now it's just 4, please put back the search 🔍 icon.
I enjoy with this game. We go to war with others team . The best part is no one's can not attack on our property. I give this game a 5 🌟.
Way too many ads and they take over your typing area not letting you scroll to proofread what you've typed.
Good app for the most part reliable says free but they still try and suck money out of you
Doesn't actually always make the call it claims it does. Also messages aren't always instant. Otherwise it would have 5 stars.
This app is awesome! The bad thing is it lags every now and then
Bring back the old version The rework wasn't needed at all
This app didnt work and whoever decides to envite you on feels they can be rude disrespectful and block you whenever they want. But they can say and do what they want. Fake people. Were not down .
keeps dropping my calls
I only can say security even 2 step password is trash if u not be online for about a montg u get hack and hacker send too many links however ur friends not believe u hacked they all going to say its the person who got hacked fault.
Ed b che
Didn't want to use it, but it's required by the team I'm on. Have found it useful and functional for our team's work.
It works very well but omg the new layout is horrendous I can't keep track of anything
My skype credit for making phone calls disappeared. It's not inactive, it's gone.
It was GREAT before this last update... Now I hate it!!...
SOS 938 S 10th Street Coos Bay, Oregon 97420
I had this video app years ago it was great no problems with it, but here and now I can't download the app
Please help. This app is constantly doing checks that I am human. Sometimes several times a day. Never had this issue before and I've been using this app for years. Just on a new phone now. It's so annoying and I'm scared I'm going to lose my account.
Loves the experience I just want you to add support for multi device login so I could use it on my other phones as well as this one
I am new to this but i am enjoying it...only thing tonight i had a few issues
if you fix a small bug thats causing me not to be able to subscribe to textfree plus i will change this 3 star to a 5 star your doing great keep it up
The current update is awful and extremely clunky to use. Didn't fix anything either.
Wonderful, useful app for directing multiple groups anywhere; through one seamless app! Never miss updates, team meetings, or important reminders! 👍 👏 😀
Shittie whe I first it was ok, now calls are dropped or the other side can' t hear a dam this, changed my niend, don' t recomend this aap 0 stars!! Going back to boost mobill
I always get my messages
Boycat this app👿👿👿👿👿
Please kindly stop the verification I can't talk to my friends now. thank you
when making phone calls there is horrible feedback. when the other person talks the can hear themselves as there voice is repeated during call. i advise bit too make a phone call because it's almost impossible to hear or be heard.
Won't let you sign in or use if you're outside United States even if you already PAID for it!, Useless if you're traveling!, This is unacceptable because I travel constantly for work and this app won't let you use it regardless if you're a paying customer, look for any other alternative, this is trash! Edit after deceloper response: You're LYING! I already emailed you at that address multiple times and you NEVER ANSWER! YOU DO NOT CARE ABOUT ANYONE WHO PAID FOR YOUR APP ! I recommend MyTello!
I have installed the app again, I have updated it to the latest version, I have restarted the phone, changed the network and I still have the forever connecting bug.
I like this app however when it goes to "choose your account " there isn't a way for me to do it and nomatter what I do there isn't a way for me to choose. I'm frustrated!
Very good condition
Slow BOOTUP on New UI. UI Overhaul claimed the startup of the app would be faster. But it now takes 3-5 seconds to see a single message on launch.
Useless without sms support.
Manger assistance
Primarily use the mobile app. It had its issues but the was vastly preferable to the new universal desktop format, specifically for emotes
An easy ,useful app ÷love love it
The new discord is absolutely the worst it could have been Pretty much like insta and not as unique as it was Old discord was the best
Been using Discord for 8 years, one of the greatest apps I have ever used. But now I have to tell people to avoid it like the plague, not only because of its incredibly horrible and clunky UI, but because of private messaging system has now became completely privacy invasive. You can't even log into an account that you've had before without giving them personal private information. I got blocked out of my 8-year-old account just because I don't have a phone number that they want to use.
Just started. So far, so good. . .
Fantastic 🌹 Never face any problem Alhamdolillah
Been using app for several years. Surely beats "messaging" when communicating with a group.
This app has been horrible lately. I've gotten messages hours after people sent them. Can never hear someone when they call.
Keeps crashing
Wayyy to many bugs and problems for almost the first few hours of the most recent update i cant even hear anything my friends or other people are saying This app still is amazing but Please fix all problems
The new hold verification SUCKS I can't get pass that they always try to update but end up ruining it five stars down
I gave this a 1 star cuz I tried to register but it says that the email is already registered but what difference does it make if I'm registered it's the same email it should just log me in pls discord fix this as it has given me frustration
Great app! Easy comucation
I used signal for years and years & loved it but finally had to give it up. I couldn't send any attachments other than photos, no matter how small (eg, gifs). I also had to use other services for friends/family using iPhones bc their messages wouldnt come through reliably. It's a shame really.
Cant get it to open after new update
Can ya'll fix the bug that's making the app refresh or freeze whenever it's opened on a phone that has swipe gestures enable
The calling sucks and messages lag
Account not created
Calls are great:But it won't let me get verification codes unless I pay. How can I pay if I can't get the codes??
Just enough to get the chat done!
can never add people or be added
I like how easy it is to upload videos on both desktop and mobile versions. This includes any shortcuts that Facebook messenger lacked. It feels faster and the UI is comprehensive without dumbing down stuff unnecessarily.
Very useful app to have available
Great for free app, but since the new update the app crashes and I can no longer use my phone service.
It is just super reliable
I can barely import the big files without it telling me meh meh you need nitro 😐😐😐 like do better. It's not fair
Sometimes the system won't let me upload pictures. I could be on Wi-Fi or regular data
This app is ok, I hate that you can't call with no WiFi, and there's also a lot of ads, but other than that, it's pretty much good
Won't load or open not good problem won't become fixed
Horrible I thought it would be offline and it isn't and it doesn't show me
Loved it,easy to use
I do love this app because I use it a lot to chat with friends and I love the soundboard options and watching stuff as well. It's always a good time.
thing in skype that option is provided in Windows but in actuality we need
Good but haven't got a message received from YouTube for my verification code
Great app for groups. Having all the comments in one place and being able to share ans comment is wonderful.
It works fine but constantly forces pint pintrest app to be downloaded. I've deleted it like 6 times in the 3 months I've had it. Getting annoying, thinking to delete app and swap to a less invasive app.
I requested for password reset and waited for the reset code to be sent to my phone number but nothing was sent. On the verification screen, there is a button that asked if I wanted to register with email instead, I then wanted to click the button but I noticed that I can't click it because the button is under my phone's bottom navigation bar. Please you guys need to do better
L is 99okn
I think it's great, I don't think I'll ever not use it but the quality of the updates keep going down. They completely changed the layout when it was unnecessary to change it at all. And I cannot change my email on my account at all because it sends a verification code I need to the email I can no longer access, I can't link my current email because it still needs my lost email to link my new one and personally I don't understand how on earth that makes any sense and it's really frustrating.
It could be better
I have not recieved my sim card yet. How can I contact customer service?
It keeps loging me out
MAJOR BUG I cant listen to my music through my Bluetooth while scrolling through discord after latest update
People don't receive my text
Calls aren't that great! Always dropping calls
it is cool
Latest upgrade destroyed the discord layout. Tedious way to search in channels, no option to search in forums, need to visit profile for checking the friends tab. Atleast give an option to your user to use rhe discord previous layout.
Or us ok however when I go to make/receive a call it atomiticly hangs up and there are to many adds. And I can't receive any of my passwords or any of my codes that I need so that need to fiX the app really good and when I go to dial a number it always says that this number is un available
Half the time the phone calls don't go through or it calls the person AGAIN while I'm trying to talk on the phone with them. There hasn't been a single call that the other person didn't complain they couldn't hear me or it sounded like I was "talking through a tunnel". I wish I could change the timestamps because it gets really confusing, and not that is the biggest deal but it'd be nice to be able to delete more than one conversation at once or personalize. I do like the fact that I can earn my minutes.
Signal being destroyed from the inside. So many years of good faith & spreading security practices will also now be destroyed as people move to something else. Gaslighting excuses do not fly. In IT we have SMS for all sorts of systems, alerts & processes. Have a package being delivered? A doctor's appointment? Government and service provider alerts? Make no mistake, long running message delivery delays is the reason to remove SMS support AND force app update, no other logical explanation. Shame.
This is one of best app so far. But now sometimes it keeps droping calls saying poor WIFI connection allthough i m standing next to my WIFI. Other than that It does what is says. Must download of you want to call your love one's in USA OR Canada for free
Bro- I just signed in and you already give me an somethings wrong I changed my email and you still show the same thing and lots of bugs that too...
Please fix bug the App is crashing
Fraudulent service. Was getting verification codes when I first got this service then all of a sudden without any notification whatsoever I am now forced to pay for verification codes. If this isn't changed I will be suing this company for blatant fraud and if need be I will file a class action with the state attorney general over this. This is not acceptable by any means. My evidence will be plastered all over social media and livestreamed for hundreds of thousands to see you committed fraud.
Can't leave and rejoin chat groups. Won't let me be invited either
It is a good app but recently the voice activity is not detecting me in voice chats and calls and I don't know why, I have tried everything fixing it even un-installing and re-installing but it still doesn't work. Push to talk works perfectly fine but I can't play games If I have to use it. I have also tried plugging a headset into my phone and still no. And my mic I'd not the issue as it works perfectly fine on apps like WhatsApp, Please Fix. (This is in all servers)
Great for privacy. Clean interface. Starting to get more friends to join. Bug: After opening Signal from a notification, a long pressed message will disappear instead of showing me the long press menu.
I don't know if I understand what this is all about because it sure isn't the same as the cafe from Hempire
My network can't load voice notes and pfps
At first it was good As A Free Then They Stop
Integrated requires cod grunt I don't solved this problem.
Works well enough despite the ads
I like this app but that's so lag 😕 why i don't know
It is kind of good just not for me sorry
Fix the stupid log in system
Great App, but removal of SMS integration is going to cause me to delete the app and look elsewhere for another product. I know the reasoning you have given for its removal, but I want one App for messaging that includes SMS integration and your removal of that function means I am going to have to look elsewhere.
I'm changing my review down to 2 stars because I am never getting notifications for my chats and it is really annoying.
Never delayed messages no matter how many people and works way smother than regular text
Everything waa going fine til today my phine keeps saying this app has a virus
Its OK, it gets the job done. Free texts and 60mins for phone calls.
great app.
This new ui design sucks so bad. Everything was done how it was. Why did it need to be changed, honestly just go back
I hate it on the first try I.didnt have minutes and u have.to pay for.minutes wath the............
Easy quick way to communicate
Wrost app i m.a muslim i m uninstalling now this ap
AWESOME. THANKS.
Discord is good normally but recently it has been super buggy it constantly says that I'm connecting but it never connects and my internet is good so idk why this keeps happening
Not able to receive pictures, which really sucks.
Not much people are there in this wonderful platform.
messages not sending and receiving in real time even tho no apparent wifi/connection issue?
Terrible new layout, no option to return to more natural layout or toggle. Been using since 2016. App breaks and is forced to be shut down and reopened on the fold 5. Prior I would rate 5 ⭐
Anybody else notice that these are not the same emojis? I hope that was just a temporary fix.
When I install Skype, it interferes with the phone calls and whenever I end the call it gives heavy beep sound. I have installed Skype lite and there is no issue with it. Please fix the beep issue, we have tested it with two different phones and experienced the same issue.
The new mobile design is horrendous
I like the new look on mobile devices. Plus, they even kept the swipe functionality to leave dms which makes it easier for someone as lazy as me who doesn't want to stretch across their phone to go back. 👍✅️💯
This app is frustrating as hell because it IS SO GOOD when it works. It keeps suddenly not delivering messages between me and my partner until they're back home and suddenly they all flood in. This was a problem for me months ago; I could only get their messages and send them when I was at home on the Wi-Fi, so I deleted the app. Just reinstalled and everything was fine until yesterday. It wouldn't be so bad if we had any idea or alert that our messages weren't going through. No idea for hours.
good connections safe &fast calling
Love this private messenger. You can even edit your text after sending. Don't understand why people don't want privacy.
slow performance
Closes all the time, and sometime wont open until the third time trying. Doesn't always refresh. Works when it wants to. Lots of bugs please fix DX2.2
App doesn't notify when messages are received and this app is basic used so people can cheat on their BF of GF not cool ohh that why u don't get notifications..ahhh I get it now
It's not FREE
i like it too manyyy ads
New ui. Need I say more at this point?
Pretty good. Easy to use.
It would be better if I knew how to get to previous posts quickly
Using this app is so easy.
Very poor. I am very disappointed. I have looked my number till Sep23 and I am paying for the subscription every month. But, how is it possible that without any email and notification one day I found that my number is disabled and my TextNow account logout from my device. Moreover, there is no support email, there is no contact number available on their website, and there is no any help chat on their website. You can not even contact them for the service questions and solution of your problem.
Fix your UI, the changes were unnecessary and harmful to your user base.
The app ok
Only complaint is too many ads that take up half the screen. Other than that, great app.
I don't receive notifications. It's been this way for months when are you guys going to fix this issue?
208.17 is faster than prev version
ok, yes you get a free number, yes you can text, but GOODLUCK MAKING OR RECIEVING PHONE CALLS. sometimes i get calls, but the big problem is when i try to call other people. total silence. no ring, no nothing. also be warned if you do the monthly 2.99 payments for unlimeted call/text, it still doesnt improved the calls. AND even when you cancel they will still charge your bank account for 2.99 and ignore any emails you have sent about canceling.
My family and really enjoy this app❤❤❤
Dropped calls or can't hear other party
Changing my rate to 3 stars, after updating the app, it forced me to change my username (not the display name i always use), the numbers (i.e #5533) were way better and made the app unique, now you are making users fight for a username they wanted but they cant because someone else took it, i will change my rating if the numbers make a return next to our names again like it did a month ago
Who don't get me started with let's just say that because of this app nothing can ever happen to me
The UI update has ruined years of muscle memory for me. Along with the awful UI update, AMOLED was never fixed to be true AMOLED, and the issues with scammers and generally awful people on their app has not ceased. Whatever Discord is trying to be, they're not trying very hard to change the way their app and their community functions and supports itself. Discord hasn't listened to any voices on any platform telling them that the choices they are making for the app are making the app worse.
Whoever made the decision to mess up the UI should be fired. Whoever made the decision to force the update through even when auto update is off needs to be jailed.
The only problem I have with it is, my phone has to be unlocked in order for my messages top come through.
New app interface is unfriendly, cant search for messages anymore and the app runs really poorly now. Previously free things now cost money and in general they are making mobile discord a lot harder to navigate. Old version was so much better and cleaner i dont know why they changed it
its okay not the best but its useable
Good messaging app but would be better if there was a bubble notification on the icon to know of new messages
This is very useful
Good on one device but does not give the option to link to another device only transfer or restore account.
Nice app..I love it
Tell me, who asked for the new UI? I know us users didn't. At least give us the option to go back ffs, and why crop the images sent? It was just fine before! Edit: You also have to reopen the app after sending a picture to see the new messages??? Just bring the old UI back
Its a great way to stay in touch with members of my kiddos school
Good to use this App
It's a fun app to talk to your friends but sometimes I got these invites that are Kinda not good for kids like girls showing They're private part and boys showing they're private part too so pls discord if you can fix this fix it
this is good app for communication
Is not intuitive or practical.. colors are distracting.. needs a lot more structure and a better design
I'm using it for a couple of month.And it crashes a lot of time,which is really disappointing.I always heard this app as a great application for commercial community as well as personal use.But using it personally,I don't feel pleased.Needs to improve a lot.
Free 2 me cant beat that. Jus gotta have wifi
Bring back open links in apps please
The stark white theme is still an eyesore. There are a lot of updates but no description as to what is being improved upon. Is it really difficult to make the background darker? Even sepia would be better
I keep getting "pulled" to these cyber crime discord servers and then later I would just get an account warning and I'm genuinely confused on how I'm joining these servers without even being on for it.
Why is it essential to change my number EVERY week now I paid for features a few months and when I cancelled my plan you guys literally have FORCED me to keep paying y'all to have my same number I've had to change numbers because of your system 5 different times now it's so inconvenient to be told my number will be given away even though I text,call and use my number EVERYDAY. This app used to be really helpful and easy to use now it's just a useless cash grab to even USE the app
Crashin since the latest update :/ :sadface:
I enjoy using this app... I recommend it to others. I wish I could go back and see the phone numbers I put in as administrator or call directly when needed. Thanks for the service you provide.
removal of sms support is unbelievable to me. signal drops from my favorite app to 1 star and will probably be forgotten on my phone until I get a new one and forgets to install it again...
It's not letting me find my sports group, and every time I put in a school email, it just says there is nothing there. I need help.
People scaming on this app
Kinda can't send any pictures with the update
Edit: unable to delete account. Network error, its not.
everything good but question is how to change that (annoying) income call ringtone?
I really enjoy discord. Its good for chatting and playing games with friends on vc. But I tried to log into my account after accidently deleting the app, but it won't let me log in to the account.
Dropped from four to two stars because a recent update makes it really annoying and intrusive the way it pops up with messages. It's not overly friendly in terms of maximising the screen after and there are no obvious settings to remove the feature.
Not receiving automated texts from my bank
Because I talk to my friends and the thing is my 2 accounts got hacked and u can remove people from calls mute em record em and subtitles yes and there are hackers I get signed out because of these hackers and kartick ur right
it get stuck on me.. that I have to turn off and on just to go back in again . and still does the same and gets me out .. first no problem than all of a sudden it started to happen
PLEASE STOP REMINDING ME SINGAL NO LONGER SUPPORTS SMS. EVERY TIME I OPEN MY MESSAGES YOU REMIND ME.... I DON'T CARE! PLEASE LET ME DISABLE THIS ANNOYING NOTIFICATION!
International texts from Belize are blank
Been crashing lately please fix...
I love how we can ask for prayer and share good news with our sisters in Christ.
Access snatched right off screen. Two cell phones down in the meanwhile... Wasnt counting on tablet..... Snatch... re dowload
Love discord never rated it but it was 5/5 now it's a 3/5 calls on the phone app disconnecting after 3 minutes is an issue when discord is temperamental and will drop calls randomly and there's a compiling error now so it'll random crash completely and it's been like that for months!
Dont have need to use it very often, but makes it simple and easy when I do
Ultra rare error. What i know from that (ultra rare error) is that the discord and many other Web sites were banned from my location and some more Arabic cites and places, please look for that error and fix it, I have work on my discord account and I been using discord since it's came to our Devices and I have important flies and memories I don't want to loss. (I'm asking you nicely to fix the problem)
Great app, the worst thing about it is trying to get other people to use it
Great for communication
layout takes up the screen. (Put the call back in notification). Android
They're dropping sms support which means it won't be useful for me anymore. Not everyone I know uses signal and I'm not going to be switching between apps based on what messaging app everyone else uses. I wish everyone used signal but it's never going to happen, especially if you remove features that make it useful. This is a step backwards.
Don't use this app its stupid it won't let you get verification codes, it has way too many ads, and the quality is horrible
Ever since the latest update unable to make or receive calls. It showing I have no signal and no it's not my internet connection.
When this app actually works, it's great for making and receiving calls. But when it doesn't work, it will frustrated you to no end. On TWO completely different phones, I have had a glitch (recurring) where I cannot answer phone calls on this app. The phone will ring, I'll hit answer, it will act as if it has answered, but continue ringing, not allowing me to speak to whoever is on the other end. On my second phone, I absolutely cannot make calls with this app. the: ZTE Axon 7, LG V35 ThinQ
Since there doesn't seem to be any way to report a bug to the developers, I'm going to leave a bad review here in hopes they see it because this bug is actually bad enough to affect usability to a frustrating level. I am on a free plan and so I understand that ad support is necessary. My problem is that the full page ads don't seem to provide any way to close them. I've resorted to having to press the "square" button on my phone and forcibly close the TextNow app every time I get a full-screen ad. Please give me an "X" to get rid of the ad after a few seconds. Thank you!
Its always lagging and the people can't hear me or i can't hear them and it cuts out lots for voice calls
Doesn't notify me on my android. A waste of time.
bring back communication mode for voice channel
I can't log in on my new phone. At all.
Speaker remains always on during receiving calls. Though I manually turn it off everytime, it remains on as it is. Itz very disturbing and make me face uncomfortable situation. Still it is my fav one for voice/video calling over the Internet.
Barely works anymore
skype to skype so much noise freezes up voice issues. Some my do NOT to use skype anymore....been doing those things ever since THEY SOLD IT.
Sad now that I have no service to dial out or receive calls but texts go through. Was told I may have to delete for good
it's free.
Invitation Not working
Hate this Application 🖐️👎
For a free phone app, its ok. A lot of the problems with this app is that calls get dropped or you don't see or hear a call coming in and it goes straight to voicemail. Also you get a lot of text with as and if you don't want the ads of course you have to pay for them. And it's not compatible for all phones which if it was compatible with all phones oh, I would give it five stars but it always claims that it is when it's not.
It keeps glitching and won't let me keep the app open no matter how many times I delete and reinstall. Just shuts down involuntarily. Please fix this
Works exactly as expected
I used to love and appreciate this app for both business and common use. However it's now threatening to cut off ALL communication to all contacts that don't use their app. This exclusion is bullying and is unacceptable. Signal's decision is forcing myself and many others to leave and find a new platform.
Video call are not working anymore and the status keeps on changing even if i put myself in invisible after few minutes it will put me back to online.
The main issue I have with this app is it's hit or miss getting texts. Usually miss. Especially verification texts from a bank or PayPal which is definitely a problem. Yet I will get random wrong texts from people no problem which is insane. Doesn't matter if I'm on WiFi or using data this happens. Also call quality can be dreadful depending where you're standing. I usually have to move around to get a good single and people assume I'm on speaker.
A Great place to get to know like minded people.
through when some one calls on my account
Really good app used it for 3 years now, it's just aggressive to use if texting, can't see what your texting for the pop up junk. Phone calls work real good.
I'd like it more if you could listen to audio files without downloading them, like how you can on PC.
I don't even knows how to add friends with
We should be able to change our backgrounds in the messages & use our own music for ring tones
Fixed some bugs and the app seem usable now, Nice Job 👍. But there's still minor bugs left and i still prefer the old version so 4stars for now.
Needlessly needing access to all of my personal information.
Its okay. But please please do fix the time. I cant tell when my message was sent.
Bad, another app stealing my money without my permission. I don't want your stupid subscription for an app I have no interest in using anymore. I will be contacting support for a refund because this is unacceptable
Like the app but starting to have problems with screenshots not able to post them.
I switched phone numbers and now I can't log in to groupme because it keeps sending the pin to my old phone number. Why won't it send to my email? There needs to be a way to work around this.
freezes works bad
I don't see no one don't know how to use app and it's always blank no one to meet
Most of the time can't make phone calls.
I am not able to blur my video background
it's a life saver
I just signed up last night and I have gotten over 7 spam calls and its only noon! Scam app!
having problems putting signal on my home screen
It's fun and easy to use!
Can this one be .... Together. Stronger and tougher, I love it!!!
Notifications don't make sound. I checked all app and OS settings.
Hated it
it keeps crashing was just working fine now it keeps crashing.... i reinstalled still not working... HELPPP ME
I been usin pinger for years, but I dont like to refresh to get a text reply but other then that its cool app
Can't search. No read receipts for messages. Never know where you read up to. New messages aren't obvious. Can't select or copy text.
For sometimes now the app isn't working, only to call. No text is coming
For the first two weeks this app was fine but now it's starting to have problems with the connection like the phone keeps breaking up and the worst part of all is you're able to watch videos to get more free minutes but now it no longer allows me to watch videos. At first I was extremely limited to how many videos I was able to watch for minutes but now it won't let me watch any at all and I've tried several times a day every single day for the past week, it's forcing me to pay for minutes now.
Does not act like a real #
Restore Discord, The new update is garbage🤬👊👊👊👊
The screen just greyed out and the wheel kept spinning. I uninstalled and reinstalled with no change of results.
Flooded with unnecessary changes
I love Discord. I use it almost exclusively to communicate with my friends. But this new mobile update is the worst. It is incredibly glitchy. I have messages that got deleted the moment I hit send. My DMs keep jumping up to older messages no matter how many times I mark them as read. And the new UI is a pain. I still haven't figured out how to view the members in a server and who's online. I'll be uninstalling until it's fixed.
Not a fan of the new update. The fact I have to click through multiple screens to get to the server I'm typically on when I used to be able to swipe and see everything on mobile is really frustrating. It also makes it harder for me to keep track of notifications because I have to go to the new homepage(?) to see the list at the bottom and hope I see the blue dot. Maybe this is good for people on a ton of servers, but it's not working for me. Looking for any way to undo the update.
Honestly this app sucks I'm just using it to get 100 robux
I like it, clear calls, only draw back is that it doesn't allow for long conversations, 30mins per call, so after ever 30mins it just cuts off.
Needs more notification preferences. I don't want notifications when someone changes their name or leaves the group.
They changed the layout from easy, fast and convenient to navigate into something inconvenient and horribly ugly. Please revert or we will find alternatives to Discord.
Good way to keep a group informed, still a little clunky in its formatting
Best there is for encrypted private messaging
It won't let me answer a call I've uninstalled and installed again it sucks
most excellent free phone service. My only complaint is the sound is too low. I tried to adjust it to no avail. but like I said it is an amazing free phone service.
Aight
fixed. Thank you.
calling sucks and the texing is so slllllloooooowwwwwww
My notifications are turned on. Why don't I get notifications on my Android phone when a friend messages me? I've been having to log in on my computer to check messages unless I start a conversation on my phone. The messages I send and receive on my computer never show up on my phone. Please fix this.
Way to many scammers it's really bad
I dropped rate to 2 cuz that's baddest style I have ever seen I wish the old style back
It ok. The quality of the calls vary from good to very spotty. The texting is ok. But sometimes the pop ups disrupt the texts. But again it's ok for a free app. Can't really complain
The interface is extremely hard to use. I'm a long time user and it used to be easy. When a call comes it is difficult to answer . There seems to be a delay in notification and 50% of calls are dropped unless I can see the call coming in. The integration with contacts doesnt work and there is no help. Basically it does less than it used to .
You is ugly
Number change without notice
excellent back-up number.
Communicating w family
I don't know how to use it so bye
Excellent 👌 I really like the organisation and apps..
Very bad experience
DO NOT GET A SIM CARD FROM THEM IT WON'T WORK AND YOU CAN'T GET YOUR MONEY BACK
It serves a purpose.
press n hold all the time
It says it found something out of the normal or something???
is not free you have to pay for international calls
Awsome way to communicate with my sons baseball team
All the negative reviews are true. I myself have been using Skype for almost two years now but I haven't seen any improvements at all. Clicking on things ang loading conversations takes 5 seconds or more, and I'm not even exaggerating. If anything, all they did was change the app's look a little for aesthetics. Talk about priorities and competent management.
This app is the worst talking app ever! I cant even upload it to my phone!! Ive been sitting here for 2 or 3 minits waiting. No one upload this app!
Wow this update is bad, extra steps for reading messages and can't see who's in a server. Feed scrolls up every time.
If u have too many group.too limited
Horrible too many ads! BUT does gelp
Really love this app
This app is so nice
didn't like the new format. also it has become a bit buggy and lagging sometimes
Loved the app until I just got the notice that they are removing sms support. Unless they decide to reverse that decision, the app is as good as dead.
Works for text. Ending calls doesn't work, I have to restart my phone just to end a call.
Good better version of what's app
Clear subscription cancel subscription
Reliable and fast.
Was great, I signed up for the subscription, but then when I realized it was WEEKLY!?! Is there not a choice for monthly?
How l beach coming
This app is great. Sometimes its alittle slow but all i have to do is leave and come back. Also the calling miniuts is alittle off but thats is 100% ok
Great free text and calling but in past days your text and call log is not showing the option to delete call bistory at all please fix its like glitch bad your app not my phone
Yes easy to login and use and convenient compare to other websites informative completable
It's awful that there's no easy way to delete old threads, or an easy way to find out how to do it. No instructions, I hate having to see conversation threads from yerad ago and to have to scroll through them to find others I want to keep and review later. How do you delete old conversations?!?
Skip and echos all the time
The app keeps freezing and restarting I am not able to text now and then. It used to be great now it keeps stalling
Search function is absolutely abysmal
Great app. Use several times each week to connect with a group of friends and family. Does a great job. 👍
Good Wi-Fi calling and text app and good prices on plans
Very informative.
It keeps asking me to sign in for parental reasons, over and over again this app sucks
Isok for chatting on pictures
this app is usually good, but whenever i try to call someone, it doesn't work. the green top for calls only says "connecting" anymore.
This app sucks you can't even do anything without them telling you to buy their plan that is like $10
I paid for it so I could use the security code. Now it won't stop taking money from me I can't cancel the subscription
Amazing app I have no complaints
I can send pictures to other people but for some reason I cannot receive any pictures from my friends even when they have the link.
than a simple messaging system. Hey dumbass designer, if you have something
In this app there is many things in which needed to be upgrade -No option for Pin Up the msg or that entire conversation. (we want to save our conversation bt in this we cant) Also thr should be an option to send or save it in Our Google Drive Account or other app. Getting hang many times,taking so much time to reach perticular msg
Not that good
Ratings on feedbacks 🙏
Perfect in all aspects. Especially security is so good
Awsome App
Messages won't load. App glitches when trying to make a new chat.
and I totally forget about the app so wgen imI remember that "oh my
It started off great, but lately I don't get notification until hours later. Most of the time I am on WiFi and once I switch to 4g is when the notifications come through.
Its pathetic!!! 😤notification is not coming on time even if it notification setting is on its tooo irritating thing that makes more communication gapss it more hours than actual messages plzz try to resolve that first of all
With dropping SMS, I no longer have a one stop shop for both my secure and insecure messages, and that is a massive pain, and problem. I can't make everyone I know use Signal so if I wanted to keep using it, I'd have to juggle another messaging app, which I am not up for. Ugh.
Was great till 12/6/2023, opening different channels just changes the header not the content. Hard restarts constantly, the version from 12/13 seems to have fixed the issues , note this was on a pixel 7 pro and current factory build
After a few weeks I had it and used it the app logged me out and I remembered my email. But forgot my password and when I'd try and reset my password it wouldn't let me reset my password
Way to many ads, and then there's more ads, can't forget the most loved auto playing ads. Voice calls are HORRIBLE ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE. If you can look past the ads and HORRIBLE VOICE it's ok for texting but not for a confirmation texts. I would rate higher if it could do confirmation text. It's ok if you don't have phone service. Disappointing
Made me constantly change my phone number
fun but can't solve the Rolex submission
The newest update really stinks. From a consumer point of view, needing to click multiple times to leave a message, then to click over onto "servers" and then have to click back twice AGAIN to be able to see the list of servers I am in, when in the previous version it was two clicks maximum, is ridiculous. The new layouts are frustrating. "Midnight" is just #ffffff text on #000000 backgrounds, which strains the eyes. The "dark" theme, instead of a simple grey, is a saturated dark blue! What!
Great way to communicate with teams
Answer all loud asf
I don't know what's wrong with Discord phone number verification these days. When I send in my real phone number then I get the code when I past the real code of the phone number it's says it's an invalid code. Discord is horrible and lazy to fix it's bugs
So far it is really working out good for our group and I learned to be able to connect with this group through this app
Not sure of this app
I like the fact that's it's free talk an free text
Service sucks slow and it freezes
IS great
this app is horible never ever get it always say that whoops something dident go through
The only messenger people should be using.
It's used to work great but after the update I can't receive texts from only one person and I don't know why.
Could not use the phone
The app is great for normal video chat but screen sharing is a little bit buggy and also it would be better if it would have End to End encryption in the chats by default
I use to get a lot of work done on Skype now I'm moving over to #Slack
its a good app but recently i cant make calls and somtimes wen i get a text message it doesn't ring
New UI :(
Good communication tool for groups!
I love this app. But can't bring old android sms to latest version. Ridiculous!
Still learning
Great app kudos to the developers
It's a handy way to have a backup phone line, except now it's ruined because you now have to pay to receive text verification codes
Only drawback is having to confirm pin number at all.
As someone else stated below, every time I log on I am assignedigned a new number. The number is unusable. I'm in the UK right now. Don't know if that is why. Useless at the moment though.
It's aight.
pretty good app only sometimes you can talk to someone through a call cuz I can't hear you or you can't hear them or your text isn't going through even though you got five bars of internet that's why I only put four stars other than that it's a pretty good app
Ok not enough minuets
Much better than WhatsApp and has a much higher privacy standard.
Great for big group communication
Buggy and crashes for the sake of it.
Superb ! truly privacy centric messaging app !
I just hope the new numbers come back in recently none had once came in you guys should be making more numbers.
I believe your application may have a or what I call the Jim carrey had alert me of a minion and or virus and or virus
Texting OK
It won't let me call anyone in my area. If you could fix it that would be great.
Works well about 85% of the time..... sometimes will not send my messages, but that could possibly be from my own connection. I do use it all the time though :-)
It's a fun place tbh
Highly Recommended!
App is easy to use. Only downside is you cannot delete chats. They stay on your GroupMe account forever.
Hi, my Signal App is malfunction today.
Calls are very clear
Nice app but same number is coming back please fix it
Terrible notification coding. Messages particularly of private conversations successfully generate an app push notification less than 50% of the time, requiring active checking of new messages constantly.
Everytime i open the app it closes on its own .. really annoying
Very easy
It is way to cumbersome to set a silent notification tone for certain chats
Well worth the fee to get rid of the annoying adds
As usual, Microsoft products. I added money to make a call. It made me jump through so many hoops but i was never able to make a call and money disappeared.
Bad intersection for phone call. Lots of echoes and delays
It's great for call but for texting is terrible, the speed for sending messages and loading stickersis is very slow...
It's the most amazing thing I have ever used in my life... You can do anything on discord with friends...
Becayse i cnt call speak or talk anymore
why can't I open the app anymore it just crashes instantly
Great social app for getting it touch with family and friends
Not letting me call out when I have service
It's a really good app but I have looked up how to browse public servers and I can't find the answers and that why I gave it 4 stars without that it would be 5.
Works fine.
I am having problem in skype any kind of link to open
Works fine when connected to wifi an also no connection with out wifi.
calls drop, quality not good, an the pics want come thru.
There is a login problem inside this app. I request you to please fix this problem.
Overall a fine app - but recently did an update. Now the top overlaps with my notification bar, the bottom also, and then I can't use the react emoji selector properly. Too many issues.
SMS support is going away?
I'm sorry..i updated again.. The bug is really annoying!! ------------------------------------------------- I really enjoy using this app. Especially for my Data Community. But, sorry for updating the stars. Because..there's a bug. Sometimes I got stuck and can't reply or mention.
Rather underwhelmed. Notices only go off when the app is open on a specific person. Functionality is clunky.camera functions are always turning the flash on
My current experience is good, UI is compact and easy.
me. I like skype a lot, but its getting worse every time and its barely
Its goot but it wont let me call anymore and i have minutes
I'm a college student, and I use Discord to communicate with my peers in so many classes. But now I have to find another app to talk to my peers because the app has been so glitchy that I can't go into my groups or message my friends. I've been on Discord since 2016... and this honestly upsets me
Frequent problems when using on iPhone, but works fine on Android tablet.
Every time I try to sign up it says to connect with Facebook but I don't have a Facebook or want one
Why the app does not ring
It's a good app for the most part. I've noticed like one flaw. My biggest problem with this app is that I've been trying to send verification codes to my number, it will send me an error message. The message states that I need to upgrade my account and pay money to be able to see the verification code. It's a really good app that is for the most part free unless you want to buy a sim card off if the app or if you want to upgrade the app to see confirmation codes that come via text message.
Not able to send messages from app.
Easy to use and more secure than conventional text apps.
I have changed all settings and I do not get notifications!!
I can't log in! Why? It refuses to use my Google log in. I can't log in to my account any other way! Neither the website nor the app is working for Google login.
Don't install this app it makes you watch videos to get talk minutes
Seems to drop calls alot but i still like
I keep having to re -download this stupid app.. works better on computer.
The application is good in itself, but the new Layout is very difficult for me to use, I don't like it at all...as a recommendation they should put an option so that the user can change their comfort.
Screen sharing not working well
Ive used this app nearly daily since 2021 and loved the layout, it works fine but its a really ugly and a hassle to use now😭
THE NEW UPDATE SUCKS, STOP CHANGING STUFF FOR THE SAKE OF CHANGING IT FOR CHRIST'S SAKE🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
I feel tgatvwe should be able to delete people from contacts. I had a whole bunch of people added to my contacts that I didn't know but also that I don't want. There should be a mass delete button for us to remove people that we do not want while we keep the ones that we do.
I use it rarely... it was a problem when I used a new device... but was a security measure... I got it. so far, so good.
Secure an i dont feel like someones constantly listening or watching my messages
Ok services can not delete more than 4 conversations per day on my Galaxy A32
Not bad just wish it could use ur old acc. as well as the new and save all #'s
Smooth messaging app. Works great, no 8ssues with photos or calls.
I like using it. I like that it's secure and I can communicate with my friends from overseas.
It's not really free
Really useful for a second number.
The entire user experience has been made objectively worse and frustrating to use in the name of trying to look like every other mobile app. Do not bother using this until they add the old UI back, just stay on desktop.
Revert this latest update
Nice app I love it, there should be a of making messages disappear after 24 hours
This kind of best i use this sometimes
again once this is fixed.
If it's "unlimited talk time" you shouldn't have to purchase minutes.
Please donate and boycott WhatsApp..., awesome app
Sometimes not able to pull up pictures
My disc won't let me send pictures in general..screw up
Sound is not good
good but cant delete my cringe um thing
It helped
It's fairly easy and consistent. Occasional glitches stop me from being able to post to a group sometimes. But mostly ok.
Impressed by the vision to offer a non-commercial and therefor truly safe messenger!
It is very helpful I have experienced some calls where I couldn't hear the person on the other end but besides that it is an amazing app for people who don't like paying for phone service
Can't login.
Used to work now it just won't stop saying I've lost my number I'm reinstalling it so it might chamge
Ok it will do whatever I need to do
Ehh it's another messaging app.
This app is awful! Most of the calls I made, the person couldn't hear me or it would randomly drop the call. I hate it and don't recommend installing it.
Can't send text messages. Every time I pick a number and I attempt to send a message it says my chosen number is expired.
Minor overall complaint concerning managing the address book: some right-click options would be nice. Also, I ended up with 2 separate accounts: one for my username, and one for my email address. But Skype on my W10 laptop has been terribly unreliable...
It's a great app to connect with people and share dark memes, but sometimes it's a little slow when I'm not constantly on it. 100% Recommend tho
This app was really good but than just stopped working I can receive calls but I can't get into the app
Messaging works very well, and calls did as well at first. It slowed my phone down and now it will say that call is being made but it never rings and there's no dial tone.
Just got it and it wont even let me into the app. It just puts me on a white screen and sits there.
Needs more security
I do alot of texting so for some reason it keeps blocking my outgoing text messages
minor issue but currently, I can't click on bio links in mobile but it works fine on desktop. this only started a couple of weeks ago but it is very frustrating. other than that, I'm relatively content with this app and discord as a whole
Improve this verison
Stories, really. Dont be facebook twitter samsung iphone and all that garbage. Make it optional to disable features. I hate extra $h!+ bogging my day.
its good but glichy
I got baited into downloading this app and as a means of getting my phone number and personal information. I was in the hopes of joining a eco-friendly group but it's actually a FBI operated group for union busting
for my needs
On my UI 5 android 13 devices it seems to work fine.
I should be the only one swing my information
I love the new uldate. The interface looks really really beautiful now. 🔥
Really slow
Love everything about this app except I can't see if the other person saw my message or not. This is must for social media apps. Please consider adding this option.
I receive the notification and pop up for a group message that i was put in but when i try to actually go look at it its not showing up in my messages. It even shows that i have unread messages iust cant see them. 😣
All an all, I find out another brick I. The wall
back ?!
I was locked out of Skype
Very  bad the day Microsoft  purchased Skype they are just going below the quality  Skype  was better in 2010 rather concentrating  on user interfaces  they should look into the functionality and speed
I really like the app the problem i can't log in even my password is correct but says login or password is invalid can you fix this bug i can't log in
Absolutely God awful, notifications work about 20% of the time, if you're lucky. Messages sometimes don't send, and there's no encryption whatsoever, the only reason I even have this is because of a group chat for work, if I could convince them to use something else, I would.
Nah man people are a bit too mean discord come in man I know you can do better also please tell me why is iT LIKE. PEOPLE ASKED MY REAL AGE I THINKED FAST BECAUSE I DIDN'T WANT TO GET SWEARED AT I WAS SUPPOSED TO TYPE 13 INSTEAD 10 I GOT INSTANTLY BANNED WHAT THE HELL MAN
Can't verify my number at all, always changes to +1 from my country code, limit exceeded? WTH?
Went from being my favorite to most of my friends who used it uninstalling it after they stopped sending to SMS. Now, it won't open, just sits at the load up screen, and if I send a picture or something directly, it takes more than one try for it actually to go through. And who cares about the "story" function? This is FB messenger.
Calling contact is very difficult. The knob is not always working and too small.
It works but barley, videos sometimes don't work and it's really buggy/laggy compared to other apps
You deserve ZERO stars. Blocking verification codes just so you can FORCE people to sign. Up for the $10 a month plan? ThaT is dirty and underhanded! I will Uninstaller the app b4 I give In to your BLACKMAIL!!!!
I lost my phone then when i got it back the app told me to log in or sign up and I tried to log in but is said "try agin later" so I did and it still didnt work
Was great, easy to navigate, latest update changed the whole layout and it's a pain to navigate server rooms, I'd roll it back if I had the option
Keeps saying "connecting" with a full bar smh
Please just listen to the people who use your help for once, and for God's sakes, just at least give us an option to change it back to the old UI.
The app has worked for me for awhile, but something's happened. Earlier, whenever I attempted to sign in, an error message pops up stating it "could not access database" or something of the like. However, now, I will sign in and nothing will happen. It will load for ages, but that's all. I've tried exiting and entering, but it disconnects me saying that an error happened when logging in...help?
I hate this app it's not letting me type the full number only 502 and that's all, ugh not a great app, delete if you installed it and don't get if you see this 🙄🙄🙄😠😠😠😠😠😡😡👿👿😈😈😈👿👿👿👿👿😈😈😈😈👿👿👿👿👿👿and if it works then good for U 🙄🙄🙄🙃😒😒😒. Please fix this😭😭😭😭😣😣😣😤😤😤😷😷😷🤬
Crazy if you keep calling someone repeatedly trying to reach them it blocks you from calling and receiving calls due to unusual calling. SOMETIMES ITS AN EMERGENCY AND SOMEONE MIGHT BE ASLEEP IDIOTS !! COME ON NOW. USE TO BE 5 STAR UNTIL NOW.
Until I've used this did not happen. First off it just doesn't work. It won't make calls unless you try repeatedly. When you're finally connected it will soon drop. If somehow you connect you won't hear each other, and then it will drop. Beyond that it has disconnected my internet. I've tested 3 different wifi and each time it will read connected with no internet until i turn it off and back on. This is my emergency backup and it needs to work. My wifi and phone are top of the line. Junk app
Cannot share files!!!
Number expired
Whenever I log out it says I need to change the time on my device. I continue to do this but I don't know what's happening....
So far ok but lots of scammers allowed , nothing done to prevent scammers
Extraordinarily clumsy software. Particularly when linking to a pc. Won't load history. Needs reinstalling every few weeks, seems to forget devices after 2 weeks break, won't reconnect, has to start over. Really very annoying. WhatsApp is far far slicker. If WhatsApp can do these things effortlessly why can't signal?
I'd give discord a 1 star review if it wasn't for how impressive it is that it manages to somehow get worse with every update.
I had this app for a while now n wasn't acting up now all of a sudden it keeps login me out n not letting me login
Fun app that lets people stay connected.
Busy& I'm pleased with this.thanx
My account is hacked
I've had discord for a few years now without any issues, but lately it's been having this weird glitch where all but one of my channels in a group chat will randomly disappear. No one else in the chat has this issue, and I still get their notifications for those channels, but I can't respond and the channel disappears again when I exit out. The only way I've found to "fix" this is to uninstall and redownload the app, which I've had to do twice now.
I really like the app they try their best
of the app to look at something else your device while talking on Skype.
This the best app ever very good and fast in talking with friends.I love it so much
I had not but used it once or twice and later that day they disabled my account.
Very fun app to chat on with friends. 10/10
Terrible. Keeps saying ill getan email to reset my password and I've been waiting for 2 weeks to get an email.
I keep getting spamed by random women who ask for money who claim to be in my area.
It says I need to update in order to send messages/make calls but there's no 'update' option anywhere. Frustrating!
There is lot of bug like main one confirm code note received
I can't get in to this app it will not stop loading, very upsetting.
Great and easy to access
Since the last few updates it became very slow. Changing channels or between dms takes about 5-10seconds when you are lucky. Else it just diesnt want to change at all. The search function isnt working properly and also muted channels now give notifications. Edit: now it crashes every 5minutes
Good second phone when you definitely need it so when you have two numbers like I do one for business and one for your personal cell phone best thing you can do business and still use your personal cell phone for your family and your best thing definitely worth sometimes your number advantages but you can also go back in and pay for 99 and lockdown a actual number you don't have to worry about losing instead of spending 699 a week and locking in your number for good or pay for 99 for the entire
Paying weekly for service without an account
this is a good app for texting... functions fine.
it has improved so far..
Its cool just as good as the rest if not better.that was my review from 8 -18 i just checked it out for a friend and its still better than the rest if i need it this is where id go .recommended definitely
absolute lagging mess, it's actually incredible how every update manages to get worse than the previous version
Need to upgrade for verification codes
Better than the pc and website version. Since you can get the free trial discord nitro using the e-wallet you have in your country while not having paypal or credit card thing. Only one downside is that you can't even play the MP3s properly. Instead you just downloaded them.
Does not block or report spam.
A decent app to use. A lot of ads but I understand to keep it free. I don't like using the calling option just because reception is usually bad as well as a lot of dropped calls. I use it basically everyday except for weekends just for work so I'm not having to give out my personal phone number. I used this app a long time ago when all I had was an ipod as a teenager so it hasn't changed too much just the increase in ads and somehow reception has gotten worse.
This app is awesome and would give it a 5 star rating if I didn't have 1 problem with the number pad. The number pad does not work when in call and have to use number pad for ex. number. When I try to use this it continues to make a buzz noise and won't stop?
Don't bother if you're using for phone verification...makes you subscribe
It was a laggy uncomfortable experience.
Good app for free global calls.The voice quality is clear.I've been using for many years.
Could you guys fix the mic issue? My mic doesn't seem to work when i speak with a friend in a call.
It was good to chat
It's a good app although the video player is not that good.
works fine for me. I do not always get notifications when there is a new text. besides that it is great.
The latest update had made the app significantly laggy as compared to previously. Also the separation of messages and servers from the left tab has made the overall experience even worse.
continue great work
The app was very good imo, but when they changed the mobile layout it became trash. It's very different and hard to get used to. It also lags very bad everytime I try to switch channels.
Getting rid of SMS, which let this be a one stop shop for messaging. Without it, this is just a worse Whatsapp. No longer recommending to friends and family, and moving to something else
new UI is terrible, why change something that doesn't have to be changed? there's nothing wrong with the old one so why change it?
I have been trying for the last 3 days to register... It keep giving me the check network error. I have try every single trick and nothing.
Only to download map and travel.
I give this a two star rating because I could text but I couldnt call. I tried everything to call but I couldn't. I had internet, I kept resetting the settings, and I kept reloading the page. Nothing worked and during one of these times it was an emergency. Please fix this immediately!
Discord doesnt want to upload anything anymore it doesnt load the galary if i click on an loaded file it doesnt show me i can even send it it only says its selected. I have good wifi,storage i have cleaned the cash storage of discord many times my mobile is fast enough No new update fixes the issue
This app makes your phone have a virus
This app thinks my area code doesn't exist and I have been issuing this
It's cool to chat with this app,but unfortunately I haven't been able to take calls From friend but I can call em ,you need to resolve that issues please
Or you have to buy them. It is 2 dollars for 100. And 10 dollars for 400.
So I can't add bots in my server I tried but nothing seems to work you may fix it
Always comes in handy!
the new UI, God help us
Pre overhaul there were no complaints from me. Now it's a slow buggy and clunky mess with a HORRIBLE UI
Broke with an update.... Are these guys the worst programmers in the world?
Discord is so good application to talk to friends and I am using discord 1 year and also I get 2 badges on discord
I'm really tired of my apps updating and entirely changing. Today's mobile discord update looks horrible and I actively took steps to reverse it!
So many noise in audio call, network issues detected, when downloaded a video recording file can not seen as a full screen file. Aspect ratio issue. Please Fix this problems.
Fix what you broke!!! Was working great then the last update broke it now takes 10+ hours for my messages to go through. Time to find another app.
It's ok no complaints I promise IT SUCKS I CANT DO ANYTHING AT ALL FIX THIS TOOK UP SO MUCH SPACE ANNOYING >:(
Can't find specific people and vice versa. I only use this for work contacts otherwise. Bricked the app to maintain my contacts privacy.
It keeps logging me out. I used this app for several years. This really upsets me.
Always reliable and solid when relied upon
It's not as good as Telegram, but this is the app my boss chose for company communications. Also, Groupme looks a lot like Gropeme. Just sayin.
discord was so easy to use before the update, now the new one makes it less easier and just more complicated... The new update also have more glitches and discord just couldn't stop glitching. it even caused my phone to be laggy. please fix this.
So far I have enjoyed the experience ☺️
Video call doesnt work half the time
It's ok but not fire
Awesome easy to.uplpad, and begin using immediately!!
OH MY GOSH How TO DO THE VERIFICATION I got THE NUMBERFROM DISCORD AND IT NOT WORK😡😡😡😡
Don't like the fact that you can't remove old groups
Lately when i go to send a picture text it sends it straight back to me rather than sending it to the second party. Please respond and help me fix this issue. Thanks pinger!
Losing SMS support? Really? The primary reason for me using the app for over a decade. I'd even pay a subscription for SMS support. But now its just disappearing? So sad. So sorry Signal. Adios, my dear friend. You were good whole you lasted but alas...
Great app, very easy to use!
Backups are a massive pain in the butt. Needing a phone for signal is also a pain. Tech is secure but that shouldn't come at a sacrifice for usability. If people don't adopt it doesn't matter how secure it is.
Probably one of the best apps for online chatting
Bunch of bugs I can list: - Notifications gets very delayed and only shows in batches, - Sending pictures often fails, cancelling it doesn't register, and restarting the app doesn't help. - Images and videos doesn't load unless restarted (often have to restart multiple times), - Chance that no messages updates while in voice chat, - Loading anything at all fails and needs to restart the app multiple times just so I don't get stuck on it loading (waiting doesn't work at all).
Very private app
When I try to login with my prevoius id, It always shows New login location detected...please fix this
Very good to deal with this app.
I can't log in. It acts fine until it comes to logging in.
This app works ok with texting,except when recieving texts it does not notify me that i have a text.Even if im on the app, i have to refresh the page for the text to come through.And, dont even get me started on making calls! That sucks big time majorly!!. First there is a bad echo on both ends, then there is a delay in the conversation. I talk and they have to wait to hear what i said before they answer. Then, there is the issue with the dialing a number when you have to choose 1 , 2 or whatever.I get vari
Love it.
It's good but keep progress
The App works good, haven't had any problems and I get texts as though it's my TMobile Acct. I would definitely recommend this App as alternative way of texting. A friend referred this App to me.
reply in order to be included in convos. I can't stand the threats of being
It's pretty good other than the occasional bugs
It would be better if you could still forward a text message to another person.
To many ads
IMPROVE!!,ANNOYING POP UP MESSAGE
Not clear when talking
i don't know what's wrong with TextNow but i try to send a photo to my email but now it telling me it's not supported please fix the app and i will give you five stars again
Fine when it works, but sometimes it is unresponsive
this app is rlly good I have no trouble whit this app I can chat whit my frends anywhere and also stream
The new update is unnecessary and absolutely feels like a downgrade from the previous interface. There was no need for a back button when swiping was available but now chat and channels feel completely independent and harder to navigate due to these changes. Change it back or improve upon previous designs.
new ui is terrible, and i have concerns over privacy with some new changes. i do love this app, and i'll improve my review if they fix it.
Newest mobile update messes up not just muscle memory but also consistency and usablitity. It was perfect as is but Discord had to go and mess it up.
Its was ok..... It doesn't support in laptop... everyday it ask for reinstall
Really user friendly and reliable
Issue during download apk from skype please fix it , can not do copy paste on clipboard instead it quote the message as reply
This app is okay.
It's great 👍
Recent Android app update is slow and prone to freezing especially when checking messages. Very frustrating when in the middle of important text convos!
At this point calls don't go threw and freeze the app. It's a waste of time and money try to find a different one that is more consistent and won't glitch your phone. I Have S22 Ultra there is no need for this app to glitch other then its software .
Am I the only one who noticed that when making a new server, it says, "For me and my friends" instead of "For my friends and me"
Great. It may cost more mega bits but after all nice app to comiunicat. Love this.
Very helpful!
Good app, but I can't load more than 1 pic at a time. no video conferencing
Any time am trying to confirm the number by registering,it says error.. I'm totally pissed 📴
I updated this app n now it won't open. Why??? Please fix this asap.
How can I get the textfree with the calls
When someone texts me it informs me but it won't show what they say in the message
it works for me.
I can't get my mobile to ring when I get a Skype call, I have the volume turned up. I have a Samsung j6+
Wonderful app So easy to use I love it
Goods for a all Android phone supporting apps continue
It's sucks
It's OK service over wifi but the wireless service sucks I never get the incoming calls I even got a new phone thing I was the problem so if you buy the Sim card kit then you might not get all of your calls away from wifi. I keep the app updated all the time so I know it's not that.
Why does nitro cost money :/
It a bad app
Monopolistic piece of garbage. Works with tons of mistakes on all platforms.
Wish it would be better but it's not happening!! One day maybe but not this year,! Or ever!! No stars now for sure!! .
Calls r not connecting/echo on EVERY CALL, IN & OUTGOING
This app is very useful, just like whats app, but I would agree, try making a calendar of events update
Not intuitive.
App worked great, and to a certain extent still does. But the latest forced UI changes makes it much more annoying to use. For example: you used to be able to swipe left in a server to see who all was online, now if you attempt to do the same thing you end up replying to a random message on screen. I'll raise my review if they allow a revert to old UI.
Crashes constantly. Just opening it can cause it to lock up and slow your phone to a crawl.
Very good, but needs security to make sure the people are genuine & not scammers just out for money.
New app experience laggy on my flagship S23 Ultra. No reason it should be this slow on a latest gen device.
This app looks nothing like the photos given. Neither does it look like the
Perfect 👌 ❤️❤️
Extremely buggy following the latest update. In dire need of maintenance
Very Good !!!
Everytime i look at videos minutes they never are added. they want you to give access of your phone to all these people for surveys just for minutes. allowing people to enter your phone through a back door and have you exposed. and you still don't get the minutes. I've earned over 2000 minutes but so far they gave me 2 minutes
it would be better if u could make free calls using wifi are even make free calls using internet instead of watching a video for 2 minutes of call time or having to pay for minutes
Don't try and do the extra minutes the survey you get all the way through it and get to be end and they tell you that you don't qualify for their survey so you don't get the minutes I tried doing one for 244 minutes and I got to the end and it told me that I didn't qualify so I didn't get my minutes it's good for texting but for call minutes they lie
The new ui is so bad and some added features (like the new "add friends from contacts" being turned on by default, endangering people in abusive households) are downright predatory. Its also continously crashing now for seemingly no reason. Find another app to communicate with your friends if you can because clearly discord doesn't care for its users.
tish App Not Open Ur server down Please 🥺 Opening App 😥
Great when the calls are not dropped
Had it for years best way to communicate with friends despite IPhone vs Android user. Only weird thing is the spam people. Hide the message without clicking on it and move on. Would be cool to delete groups no longer in use instead of hiding it.
App is unresponsive after login, for up to a minute, lots of lag in general
I'll rate it 5 -stars and thanks 🙏👍 79
Discord is favorite method of online communication, but the most recent app update made certain functionality way less convenient to access.
I'm having an issue where if I play a video the little bar at the bottom does not move with the time. Like I can see that it shows 04 out out 16 means I have watched 4 seconds of a 16 second clip but the little bar with the white dot stays at the beginning and doesn't move.
in the lastest version, it seems like theres alot of glitch and bugs, i cant pick emojis, keyboard descend itself, voice note not working
ok can you fix the push notifications pretty slow
I was missing messages when friends sent group text so we moved our chat here. It has been very helpful.
Closes out doesn't load
Awesome for my fiance and .w
Had it been able to receive text, I would have kept it and used it forever. Unfortunately, it failed to work on Moto G
Messages are gone before you can listen to them. Which is terrible and why I would not recommend this app.
The most horrendous UI ever. The new update brought this disgusting new look that has made me physically ill. Not only is the new UI awful to look at, but there's WAY too much lag now. Original UI might've had some bugs and lag but the new UI has so much more. I can't even open the gif search tab properly anymore, it keeps juping from being opened and then being closed. And you people have the audacity to tell your users to just get used to it? Despicable.
I hate it only gives you some minits
Makes you pay to receive texts with verification codes.
It is good but it nt opening app so see and clear it that problem sir make them easy way.
Great Application onto my phone. Has Pretty Wallpapers and solid Designing.
Literally unuseable, there's so much wrong with this new update. Not even in a "they changed it and now it sucks" way, they removed features and made the rest feel like you have to solve a Rubik's Cube. Don't give these people your money.
I have to be honest and say this app has caused me more issues then any other app I've ever installed or used. It crashes repeatedly and drains my battery. Please fix your bugs before others download and have to experience the same issues as I have. Every day with this app is "issues detected", "app crashed", or "app isn't responding".
Helps with the communication without having to send texts.
The design and interface are OK for text but it has a hard time with high definition pictures, it takes a while to load them or they don't send.Need a little more pop in that server. For some reason you cannot delete a group or a message. Has no delete for anything. If your message does not send you see the error icon forever. You cannot delete the message
I've had 2 separate account the first one I didn't even have for a whole day and it locked me out of it and wouldn't accept my password or my email even though when I very first entered it Google saved it. So I made a second account and now that account isn't even being brought up by my email or my current phone number and I had built up quite a big community on that account and I don't want to lose I wish they had an alternate sign in or way to find your account like Facebook. it'd be easier
It used to be awesome. Now it's just closed source daily updates, everything is slow, and messages don't come in on time. Since the company has started using closed source software to "combat spam" as they put it, the program has gotten slower to load and slower to use. By a lot. Links rarely load, messages fail daily, and everything takes 2 times longer. As if they're logging everything now. Sadly, you have no other options for secure messaging anymore. Welcome to the post privacy age.
New to the GroupMe app but seems like a really good way to stay in touch as an organization or group. Easy to plan events, stay connected and chat with multiple recipients
I truly appreciated the features and security of Signal; however the decision to end support for SMS is exceedingly unfortunate for those users who must communicate with both Signal and SMS users. I, regretably, will no longer use or recommend Signal, unless SMS support is reinstated.
It's a good way to talk privately
Useful , when calling at times not the app itself possibly location issue I found I lost connection.
Never let's me get into the app always freezes
Not receiving anything, from anyone.
I love it!
Discord is good I just can't delete my voice messages after sending them to the person I talk to on discord
This new update is so shlt man, everytime I open a dm it puts me up instead of down to the new messages, why they gotta do unnecessary updates. Visually the old one was better
I have a problem with filled someone is listening my calls & recording, I hope you guys are doing what you have to protect my privacy.
Owesome app better than "what app"
The app continues to exhibit the name of the contact even after deleting it from the phone book. There is no option of manually delete a contact as well. That could be fixed.
So, not a five-star review. Why? After all three years in so unable to use Signal from more than one Android device. There's no way to "link" a tablet to my mobile phone, say. I can use do so on Windows or Mac but not on Android. Other than this app is great.
It's been good, I do not like having to verify my pin notification when it's on my phone.
It's a great app and all but, recently, whenever I make a call, the other person starts sounding like a robot after a few minutes of talking. Why is this?
from a reasonable size to comically huge. Seriously, avoid this app.
Text is good but cant make phone calls
Its not bad. But I wish we had unlimited calls
I've always had this app for years, I just love it sm .
this microsoft 🗑️ can not process a payment 1/2 time. Replacing with something worthwhile.
I originally loved it but what's the point of the burn feature if I can just screenshoot my other encrypted app doesn't allow that
Updated version is not notifying me about messages.
Worst app because you have to have a Facebook and I don't have a Facebook account
I like a lot of the features that come with it, but I have a few complaints 1. On mobile, I can't scroll down to see the servers I'm in, so sometimes I can't see the icon. 2. The new usernames are really annoying, I don't like the way I can't do as much with it 3. There's this weird bug thing that still marks a channel as unread even though I opened it and it's annoying
Can't hear incoming calls.
This recent update made the app more confusing to navigate and makes it run slower. The old layout of the app worked fine and was intuitive for mobile with no room for confusion. You are better off not getting the mobile version until they roll back this change.
The only consistent thing about this app is the constant failure to install the next available update.
The new layout is awful. It takes far to many interactions with my screen to swtich between my messages and servers now. It also took me forever to find out how to see who is in my server and online. Not to mention that it takes 4 interactions to go from dms to a new server instead of just 2. This is an awful usability update and i dont care that it looks slightly better. I told all my friends to disable auto update so they wouldnt have to suffer through this. It was far better before.
Put some resolution settings on Mobile App, we need to adjust our resolution while streaming in Mobile come on
A. Necessary evil
Sweet and cool just love the App 💞
Illicit perverted ads destroys the user experience
Easy to use and usually works well.
Discord experience is honestly pretty good, but I'll give it 4 stars because there are minors bugs in the app that needs to be fixed
other apps out there that are free
Need last seen and online options
is it cost money when you use it?
Loved the app for discretion
keeps me in touch with my hoes... ya know
very nice apps
Room for improvement
Very good app for all type communication
Why no SMS anymore signal?
It's a good app I really love it
Can no longer send pictures on discord
please fix the notifications. everytime I update its like a gamble whether they break or not.
I am unable to delete this.😤 How to give star in minus guyz
Can't figure out how to take the vibrate off. Built in vibrate is annoying sometimes. Won't allow the last text to be sent from a compound text
Not really free with ads. Need to pay to get verification texts from apps like WhatsApp Seems to work for normal calls and texts
*Update": they answered that I indeed violated the terms and condition but they can't not dosclose how. Just a lie. Everything was great until I received a phone call while using the vpn... my account was disable inmediately and no answer in the appeal. Sad... it was great.
Quite unfortunately, the app has become laggy and unresponsive even at the most innocent occasions, like trying to input a single emoji, or bringing up the contacts menu. The developers are quite obviously understaffed.
Please bring back the old UI :)
Chat back-up option is not available
to many pop up ads can't hardly txt out
Won't even open. I've tons of other apps and never had a problem. I've uninstalled and reinstalled, reset my phone, waited a month tried again, no luck.
Since the last update many glitches appeared, the app would kick me out, some pfps are colour reversed, the arrow the used to be beside a server when there's unread messages isn't there and no notification
when i open the app from notifications, it seems to be broken in some sorts.
This app is very useful for chat 💬 talk and etc
Sometimes messages are not sent or received
there is no skype icon to click on to open the app on my phone. Such a pain!
I love being able to text but everytime I make or receive a call we can't hear each other but yet I have full bars on phone
Great stuff
Its good but if I watch video it doesn't respond If I tap the video it will be gray or its not working respond me pls to fix the bug..
please help me!
Loved the app til I was kicked from all groups today. It's happened to several of my friends also.  Back to 5 stars after its fixed.
I do enjoy discord and still use it. That does not change that the most recent update to the app is utter trash. It's fine on pc, though
Works like a charm. I wish they included UK numbers & the rate of dropped calls went down tho. I also wish they weren't so quick to swap out your number.
Whenever I'm trying to sign in , it is showing me unable to connect. please check your internet connection.. Although i have a fast connection.. please help me out.. It is hampering my work
I can't login with my Google account and password it's saying reset the password it says we will send change PW but I don't get any message plz make it normal don't keep this much process just keep phone number or Google account and a password it's also asking location wth please make it normal I need to login at my account
Messaging without corporate overlord that spies on you
Horrible nothing but scammers
,,,,charn@drewry ,the 5, I am, ,,
Dropping SMS means i have to leave. I'm going to miss signal but if there is no SMS support then it's goodbye. My job uses signal and they announced we are leaving it all well. That's 30+ people right there. Ugh.
It's ok untill you run out of minutes
I use to love this app but now I can't see my text messages
Jhalawad city
Reset password and won't log in. Tried many times. Junk
Start video calling open rear camera flash light not work please solve this problem.
crashes all the time on my phone, and the ads (there are way too many,)
Worst app yet. I literally just got it a few minutes ago and every time I try to send a stext it says my number has been deactivated because of not using it. It then says some random number as if it is my own and it's not even the number I have from them. It then makes me change the number. I can't do anything with this app. It is severely defective.
People I call can not Here me at all. I have no sound when I call even with perfect connection. Messages are OK but that is all.
Works, but doesn't save numbers that called you.  Specially if you answer
How they decided to make the app a different learning experience from the desktop version is beyond me, not to mention it's more cumbersome to navigate to different parts of the app now and slower to load. Sometimes the servers don't even show.
Good but the only problem is that sometimes when I open the app, it turns out to be on light mode, even when I had it on dark mode beforehand. I hope they fix this, it's a bit annoying.
Can receive calling notifications and when I click on the app it says missed call
Wouldn't let me log in cause new app is driving me crazy
Say Hi to Privacy 🔏
It keeps lagging any time I open it on Android iOS both
So it takes forever for the app to load.. if it does.. and i also wont get my texts for hours.. ive been using this app for a few years and it keeps getting slower and slower with every update
This is the worst messaging I've ever used. I don't get why clubs at my college even use it. If anyone is reading this please don't download and use other better apps
Bro i got fricked up and got scam in discord But good app doe
Currently, discord is kinda buggy. I can't use my mic unless im in the mic settings and I can't select an Audio Output.
Best in terms of security and privacy.
Great App
Usually always works great for me
It was working fine and now I'm not getting the notifications at all or I'm getting them three hours hours later.... the phone doesn't ring when someone calls I also can't send pictures and people are saying my messages come in out of order..... Please fix this... galaxy s3 I loved this app before :(
Warning when you update this app you can not use the old emojis. Please fix this! I LOVED the classic emojis. Other than that I would have rated this app as 5 stars.
I love the app its convenient. But for some reason it stopped allowing
My calls get droped
The app will not let me use it
So how is it that you can use this number to call and text but why when creating a account say" Facebook".. when it asks to enter a phone number for verification how come this won't let me use to register to a multimillion dallor company . ? Cause I never can keep my phone on these days. Times are rough ya know.? Be nice to get a legit answer on this one. Thanks
better than whatsapp!
Hate this😡😡😡
Pitiful constant dropped calls can never hear
The app wouldnt be so bad if the ads werent so obsessive. The ads lag the experience. App does remember texts via email login. Can keep same phone number for a while. Dark mode would be nice. Paid mode might be ok but other apps allow more free stuff than to make this app worthy of purchase. App is ok if you need it.
I've tried everything I can think of and my texts are sending and calls arent going through. No error message at all. It looks like everything went through fine but my mom isnt recieving anything. Tried a few different numbers to see if it was an isolated issue and no one is recieving anything.
Slags bad, messes with my phones ability to do multiple things and it's slow.
Whenever someone called or if I called, my music would begin to play. Kinda glitchy. Meh.
Keep trying to log in it says error occured
This app has definitely helped our teams communicate quickly and efficiently!!
gotta keep tapping icons to complete an action..
id like the new update better if the colors didnt make me want to turn evil. i cant stand reading on these color schemes, which isnt great for a *text messaging app*. also not a fan of companies that dont listen to their users.
The only reason I'm still using Skype is the contact base.
I bought minutes and immediately the money was taken from my debit card but i never received my minutes. So if u guys claim to be free stop lying cuz ur not free only if u have wifi so stop false advertising its against the law
Wrost app I create account and after ,10 mins my account ban said I did violation I o nothing, I create on other mail and create whatsapp that also ban after 10 mins said I did violation, I create on fb and create whatsapp it's also ban after 10 mins said I did violation , and there is no help option to talk with customers to what the hell they doing
Sometimes taxes are not sent and received on time this is the big issue.
this app is horrible... dropping calls and its not free you have to pay or watch alot of videos to get minutes. dont waste your time
Discord is a good service— been subscribed to Nitro for several years at this point. But this new mobile UI update is not intuitive at all.
Notifications rarely show up
I have a major problem with dail pad.....it takes each number twice like if i enter 1023 its taking 10023 or 10223 or 10233
I can't down load app
The latest update on my Samsung Note 10+ causes many of my text messages to not be sent and the circular indicator continues to spin instead of confirming messages were sent.
EDIT: If you want to revert to the old layout here's how: Navigate to the "You" tab > "App Settings" (the gear icon) > Appearance > Scroll down to the "New Layout" section > Toggle it off Gotta love it when devs decide to fix something that isn't broken The new UI is horrible. It takes more taps/swipes/etc to navigate the app than it used to and there is now less on screen at once while simultaneously feeling busier due to all channels now having icons. It's not intuitive at all.
It's great I haven't noticed anything wrong in it
very easy to use.🥰
I like discord but I got a new phone and it won't let me log back in to my account or make a new account with the same email
Great app execution but I wish there was a better way to add more than one device without kicking me off my phone, so that way I can use it on both mobile and Chromebook. The desktop versions on Windows, Mac, and Linux allow you to register and sync your messages that way.
The group image cant be put back to default that sucks
There are much better apps out there for this! Please search for a truly free solution that doesn't have ads. I don't think I can name alternatives without them telling google to remove my review. Apparently they were able to remove my past review for telling the truth of this app.
The UI when calling is very hard to use, very non-intuitive. Messages notifs are not updated in real time, missed my boss' messages a lot :)
This app once been good but after sometime it doesn't give verification codes to WhatsApp anymore i wish it can be brought back to it normal state
i love this application
The most recent update has broken it. They did an update to the UI and it doesn't look as good or as user friendly. I'm not sure what they were thinking with this.
Stable app. Good quality calls generally, provided internet connection is reliable.
Better quality calls than text now or fb messenger. Option to have more than one number at a time. Actually may be unlimited, never reached a ceiling. Premium option for verification codes from most, not all financial institutions and the like.
Great App 👍👍😊👍👍👌👌
Works the the amount of adds slows and crashes the app often
It's difficult when you have to pay for code unlock
Recent update brought new UI, but it's laggy, unresponsive and message sending suddenly became a challenge
Why did you remove the free credit option. Come on man!
Any one eles craveing cheese.
Killing SMS support means there's no longer any reason for me to have this installed.
A job scammer made me download it.
This app just played a ad while my phone was clicked off and I wasn't even on the app it was open in the background I would like the maker of the app to contact me cuz that is an abuse and invasion of privacy
Very good chatting app. but the mobile version needs to be improved there is a lot of bugs and glitches and some of the features which are available in pc are not available in mobile especially android
Good with nice video and audio quality
It won't send are get pics
Dropped calls and app freezes up requires restarts. Works very well for texting. Not so great for calling.
Good app for texting your friends and playing games with them, the voice chat needs to be upgraded for mobile user. What I mean by that is... I'm on an Android device and even though my voice is full (including discords own settings) I can't hear the others and they can't hear me.
The app wont open at time but other then that it is an amazing app!!!
It's alright, but ever since the ui overhaul, it stopped me from downloading anything! I've tried to fix it but nothing is working!
This app is laughable at best have downloaded it 3 times total and each time same problems with calls not being able to be answered on time as well as being placed adequitly okay for first couple days but after is pure insanity. Thanks for bugging out my last 3 phones.
Freezes and glitches and usually kicks me out of writing a message and the app closes a truly crappy app
orders will get mixed up. If I were to say hello at 7am and said how are
Stopped working. Was doing great but now it will not make calls and tech support is useless.
I understand TextNow has to pay its developers, and TextNow has been making various great efforts to suck money out of its users, and finally made it impossible to use it for free. I have been using it to help my dad receive Covid-related government assistance. At first TextNow refused to let me receive text messages from the government for free, I have been using it for voice instead, and now voice is impossible too
one of the best app in the world.
The app won't let me press any buttons. When my fiancee tried to video call me it wouldn't let me answer his call or call him back. I couldn't even send him a message.
It's good, but I can't use my phone number for YouTube verification stuff.
TextNow is an affordable cell service but the poor function and lack of integration with OS level apps and services is a source of frustration. Debugging has wasted a huge amount of my time. - Concept is good but leadership in development needs to be upgraded and this application requires a complete overhaul in order to function as a reliable PhoneCall/Texting manager. Implement Admin privileges or provide a Root access version and remove dependence on outside services! Figure something out...
Really good but sometimes i don't get a notification straight away!
During a call or text message the app crashes getting really frustrated
The new version seems to crash quite a lot. Not all the messages get through. Otherwise, it's a cool concept.
I love being constantly in the loop - all information is shared and clear. Nothing is left fir the he said/she said....
Far silly Man
I am currently using the Skype preview beta, and the last time it updated it caused me not to be able to type messages. Instead as soon as I click the option to type it crashes.
How do you get your old account number of you don't have access to it
this is more of a personal thing,, but i hope u bring back the font where the two underscores touch each other. i really miss the old font
Bs app doesnt give me notifications. Trash
This app is possibly the worst designed messaging app I have ever had the displeasure of using. I would recommend almost anything over using group me.
Crashing all the time on galaxy note 20 ultra
horrible update, ruined everything that didn't need fixing
I like it for texting just fine, but unable to make calls most of the time.
Yeah..great app until it freezes up and resets itself. Then it wouldn't let me sign in. Great timing considering this happens while a loved one is stuck on the side of the road after getting hit by a car.
Very informative and great way for communication
Both my husband and I are now experiencing issues with random disconnection in full WiFi. Just now switching channels would go blank and get stuck "Connecting..." You need a hotfix badly. Btw, I tried setting device DNS to Google and it's screwing with my wifi repeater while browsing. This is not a fix. And it happens everywhere, not just at home.
Worthless can't change my password will not email info for changing my password very disappointing can't get to the group I belong to. Who are you to decide to kick me out or not if I have nothing to say why should I access the group
others from different members. No rhyme or reason to it. Support is not
Have a 5G network with 5 bars. When I place a call, it goes through. When the call is answered, it says poor mobile data connection, drops to 2 bars, and drops the call. Then 5 bars return, and it says excellent mobile data connection. I call again. Call drops, and I get a screen that says Unable to reach the network. Please check your connection and try again. 5 bars, then return. The day before, I'm in the same location, and the app works fine. No call drops. It's the app, not the network.
discord was good until this new update 🥰 please change it back discord 🙏🙏 everyone wants it to change back 🙏😭😭😀
Frequently the app fails to notify me of messages.
Best messaging app. Please add the option to star the msgs. + An option of showing the media in the chat for the shared media with someone, and it should also mention the date and time in the shared media. Thank you. Hope to see the change soon.
good for what it is
Its OK but you need wifi
It's has top security
This app is not working for WhatsApp. WhatsApp says this number is not valid for the country United States.
Terrible redesign, please revert the change
I paid for my service. My account was hacked , I cant log in because someone had changed my user name and I somehow signed up for a new account. I need instruction on how to get back into my real account.
Very good. I use it for most of my communication with friends. Still some features which are cumbersome on mobile where the desktop app is better.
New UI sucks
To be honest, the update isn't my favorite. I prefer to be able to swipe left to see the current people online in the server rather than it being the new reply feature. There was nothing on how to find the online members, and I had to find it myself. Also, another thing that upsets me is that the app is very slow to open ever since the update. I click on the app, and it sends me to a blank screen, and then it takes a good 10 secs to load anything. I like fancy but simplicity on the phone is best
Easy to use, intuitive.
Best app but screen share problem 😊
the new ui is bad and yall want to force us to use it on mobile, also give me amoled mode back, stop taking away options from us
Great App For Large Groups & For People Who Work In large Business I Use GroupMe For My Job I'm A Airline Worker Its A Decent Way For Us To Talk To Each Other About Trading Shifts With Each Other
There was a sign in prblm
phone is hanging after using this app
This app genuinely gets worse with every update, like uploading media on the newest update is time-consuming and annoying. The newer UI is hard to understand/use. Not to mention, I keep getting glitches like getting kicked randomly from calls or my messages sending HOURS after i originally sent them no metter how good the wifi is.I only keep it around because it's easier for me to use than my normal messaging app.
I like this app because te apps is so secure
It's okay it's just that we can't use it without internet
Being intouch with my classmate is awesome
the fkn screen and bs pic msgs cant get pushed thru and to top it off when
This group chat app is terrible. Most people on the group do not receive the messages...
Not the perfect product it could be, but it's an option.
Can not sigh in, Samsung sm 800
The app is slower to load, harder to navigate, and I have had far more issues with this update than I have any other. Please consider reverting back to the old setup. It worked so much better, and in the future, please don't change the primary methods of navigating the app when they aren't a problem. You only make it harder for users to navigate the app.
I use discord to talk to people on a regular basis. Before it had a few quirks but it was usable so I gave discord 4 stars. After the new update, the discord app has become quite usuable on my android phone. I am not able to get into servers. Its stuck on the same screen, etc issues here and there.
It's working for group communications
but trashed a lot so uninstalled
Used to be very easy to onboard new tech-lite users. With the removal of SMS support getting non-technical folks to use 2 apps to talk to me is difficult, if not impossible. I would love to keep using signal for all my messages, but the removal of SMS has caused my signal enabled contact list to shrink drastically. Soon I'll be the only one in my contacts still using the app.
Was great, not anymore. I subscribed and bought coins, next thing I can't login in no more
Takes to long to felt credits and not enough credit points for free
It does not even work it is a scam
great value a little to pricey to keep the same number like that's outrageous what your charging on s weekly basis
new update on UI is kinda meh
It's fine but it definitely traumatized me in some way.
I love this app it helps you stay connected and communicate with your coworkers and important family and friends collectively.
It's cool or whatever
It won't even stay open. It keeps glitching and closing on its own
Your app is unreal to many ads you can't hang up .and erase messages or calls like sp as m this takes up storage. I really don't like this and when I figure how to delete you with out compromising my stuff I will.
Good private app away from the glare of FB very pleased
Video call is laggy and some freezes. Please improve resolution as well.
The only complaint I have is that I don't always get notifications from this app even though I have messages.
You should also add last seen and onlije feature.
Opportunistic encryption has always had the highest chance of succeeding in populations that don't actively seek it out (see https and imessage). Signal's dual use of both encrypted messages and sms function did this. Unfortunately, the small number of contacts I have that also used signal isn't worth keeping the app installed on my phone. Deleted my account, and will be looking for a different solution that provides opportunistic encryption for SMS.
skype so lagging on my cell phone , can u fix it ?? my phone it was fast about internet but when open skype thats lag
Sometimes the microphone gives issues and nobody can hear you from the other line, but other than that, great app.
okay. but not good enough
I don't know why but they took away SMS. A rather stupid decision I feel.
With the upcoming loss of SMS and MMS support my usage of Signal will be coming to a close when that happens.
Nice app but sometimes when call comes for me I can't pick it up sometimes and it is very poor as there is no clear sound I want a better progress for it as we have downloaded this app for video calls,etc which the other apps don't commit
I got rg fr he tf using her
Only thing I'd change is to remove sound from sending videos. Otherwise great
Ap is trash. Video sending hardly ever works. Nothing but exclamation points. You would think after years these clowns would get it together
Horrible it can never connect and it gives you no sign that someone read a message and I can never call someone horrible
the new layout is... not good. i cant find pinned messages or see members, swiping to respond seems counter productive because the press and hold still works too, and nitro and threads are the same button? edit: look at how low the ratings are now 😭 the fact that nothing is being changed despite all the negative feedback is genuinely appalling
Slow to update pics and videos. Good communication app for a group. Wish if had a delete/or laugh option and not just the heart. Takes a while to load. Sometimes don't get notifications.
Very very slow... Lagu.
It's cool i just dont understand why i cant call even though i have minutes
the voice mail is too short! When I get voice mails every week from my kids school and 90 seconds doesn't cut it.
Served its purpose
Not letting me make calls nor retrieve calls. I see calls coming in but cant answer them
Video quality very bad ! During video call not received message same app
This app lags alote
You can use browser version that works flawlessly! No need to use broken mobile app ;)
new mobile ui is horrible
Excellent send and receive time
Not free, bunch of liars
I liked the older version, it was easier to use and cheaper (it was free). I only use it for texting. Please change it back
App works fine but after update there is a big where if a user goes from one server and channel to another the channel from the previous server is displayed. Have to close out and go back in. This is a huge flaw and I feel was missed during testing
Now I don't have to use my moms phone
why there's no sound
They tell you that you can make "free calls" but the second you type in a real phone number they tell you you need minutes to call that number in my book that is not free😠😠😠😠😠
The app always freezes.
Best texting app ever
Please, add feature switch another account, like twitter or instagram. because it's so difficult to switch accounts, because you need to verify your email
I love this app but there's bugs that need fixing. I am using it currently on a Poco X3 Pro and there's visibility issues such as text appearing with white background to the point where it's hard to read and the color wheel for the profile banner is impossible to use as for example when you put it on white it shows black on the banner itself. Please fix these, people who can't pay for Nitro barely get customization as it is, this just makes it even worse. Just to note, I am using dark mode.
Would love to be able to use this but it will only upload 15 of my contacts. Tried refresh, reinstalling, etc
It usually works great but when Im in a group chat my messages always get mixed up and confusing
The send button is missing
Have to uninstall and install to get it to do what it's supposed to do. Freezes ALOT.
I've been struggling with the link spotify account feature, I don't want ppl to see if I'm listening to my PRIVATE playlists. Could you change that?
Will not let me log in. Also keeps saying an error occurred when trying to verify phone number
I need discord to really look into this. I have tried changing my profile picture after waiting for the 10 minute cool down. I have re-logged into discord to try and change it again. After that, I waited for the 10 minutes cool down but it hasn't worked. Please let me know if I'm doing something wrong.
It is terrible, one of the most diffifult apps to do anything, only does what it wantd
Haven't used yet!!! Any one plz let me know how this app works...
I had Discord for 5 years now. It was a great app back in the days. But now, I absolutely HATE the layout. It's nothing compared to what I'm used to. Discord doesn't even listen to popular opinion, so there's no point in writing this. The option to view the members list has completed been altered. Instead of the original swiping left to view members list (which is now an automatic reply to messages), you have to tap on the channel name. It's so ridiculous for us OGs.
The day has finally come, no SMS support. This is now a 0/5 review. Goodbye Signal. I have no intention of keeping this app when SMS capability is removed. At that point it joins the ranks of telegrams and whatsapps and is no longer differentiated by its SMS capability. Sad to see a great product fall.
sorey
Only once had a bad experience, when we lost the picture. Otherwise, excellent.
Only a few seconds
It a decent one, but i have numbers idk an there alot of adds within. But overall not bad.
"grass fed" what kind of garbage trolling is under "What's New" lol
I enjoy using the app it's very trustworthy easy to use
Your trashy app is unresponsive at the time that I needed the most.
I was unable to walk or go to the mailbox box and i had a friend who said he would bring it to me. This app allowed me to get my mail from someone I trusted. Just downloaded loaded it and read the directions and was up and talking in about 15 minutes and for us 2 old men we were surprised. I highly recommend TextNow for anyone that has WiFi or piggyback off someone else's WiFi and nead to keep in touch. IT IS GREAT! A EASY WAY TO BE ABLE TO KEEP IN CONTACT! DOWNLOAD IT TODAY.
Fine and dandy.
Skype is a reliable and user-friendly app that provides seamless video and voice calls, messaging, and file sharing, making it an essential tool for staying connected with friends, family, and colleagues. Highly recommended.
Latest update ruins the user friendliness entirely. Messages are on a seperate tab, you can no longer see who is in a server pnly who has access to a given chat. If I want to see which friends are online I have to go under my own profile, scroll to the bottom and click friends where all it will show all of them sorted alphabetically, online or not. In short: useless menus have been added to hide things in order to save me 3 seconds of load-time.
Decent app. I would like it to allow us to allow admins and to allow for calendar edits from anyone in the group.
so I recently bought nitro and it's keeps saying update payment info but it won't lemme cancel it I've tried cancel it so many times it still says I have it but it ended today
It crashes when I open the app. first it shows the last conversation then about 2 seconds it goes to "No text channels". It worked when I logged in. But the first crash happenned when I opened a support forum
It's alright.
All of a sudden none of my pictures will send. I keep getting a message from pinger saying check the number.
I use this for a while now with no problems but today I was about to write a text message only to find out I was logged out and cannot login due to an unknown error occurring. Please fix this as I can't log into textnow from any of my devices 😥💢👎 Edit:6/16/2023 This issue has been resolved long ago and I have no problems with this app whatsoever 👍
Everything was great until I got a pop up last month saying they're removing sms support and telling its small userbase to base get their friends to download signal. Now their userbase is even smaller. You want to compete with iMessage and Telegram? Add SMS back! Uninstalled the app. Not using an app that none of my friends even use.
not free worded to bait you in installing
a few issues sending pictures, but after the first time it has been smooth sailing
Normally I like the app, it's great to have but lately I've been told ppl are calling me and leaving a voicemail but it didn't ring, no missed calls or voicemails show up.
You left out the notification settings for people joining and leaving vc. Now every now and then i just hear the ear piercing sounds whenever people joining or leaving. Now Google play kept reminding me to pay my free months discord. Great service you guys.
Like the earning points
Best of all
YOOOOOOO ITS YO BOI TRAYY SLAAAT
For at least a month now, no messages have successfully been sent or received between two devices that were previously working okay with Signal . We even removed and re-installed the app on both devices and it still doesn't work. There has been a few issues with the app in the last couple of years, which affected many users for short periods of time, but it has been completely useless for far too long now. Time to delete and move on.
The people who I was trying to text in El Salvador never received the texts
Excellent app and MGMT philosophy aligns.
It's ok. Don't care for how it's not free
The reminders are Extremely annoying!!! I use the app twice a month I shouldn't keep getting reminders to use it.
In many discord servers I find I can't seen the text on the titles for each section and often if I can I can't see the content as though nobody ever posted in it. This seems to be worse when people mod the typfaces/fonts of their respective profiles. EDIT this had improved slightly with last update. For some reason a new server I joined has been occasionally crashing discord and I have to reinstall to use it again.
Was working perfectly fine, but the join voice chat on a server does not work on the app anymore for me, at least.
If none of my friend using this app then to ehom do i message? Please bring public groups to join by search.
call's duration. I see nothing better in this version.
Nice App
has better reviews then the communist chinese run " zoom app. " Tik tok is loaded with spyware. Warning ⚠️ to all Chinese run scum.
Every time I've entered this number into something that needs to send a verification code via text, the message never goes through. So what's the friggin point of having it...
Pissed I need my number back. I clearly use the app and take ALL the spam calls that come along with it.... THAT SHOULD COUNT FOR SOMETHING. ALL DAY LONG IM BEING SPAMMED TO DEATH WITH CALLS and just because I don't send a text I'm cut off???? I use this a business line .. I need my number back ASAP IM SO UPSET... ***Update*** THEY REACHED OUT TO ME AND GAVE ME MY NUMBER BACK... THANK YOU ALL I APPRECIATE THE SWIFT RESPONSE TO HELP!!!
The most functional app . No app is parallel to it in communication. But there is no option of screen share on tablets and smart phone . Not working on low cpnnection . Older version did. Makes the images blurry and sendes in hours . Improve it .
I like old version/but at new update discord are more slower and app down Edit 1: is look like fast a few for now
THIS IS THE REAL MAN WHO DEVELOP SUCH A GREAT APP LIKE WHATSAPP AND THIS PERSON AGAINST DATA CORRUPTION AND SHARED WITH THIRD PARTIES APP BUT WHY PEOPLE DIDN'T UNDERSTAND THAT THIS IS REAL APP NOT THE MARZUKERBURG WHO AQUIRED A COMPANY IN 19 BILLION DOLLAR FACEBOOK FOUNDER WERE THE REAL CHEATER IN CORPORATE WORLS AND SHARE DATA WITH THINRD PARTY APP AND USED ITSELF WITHOUT AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS THEN WHY people don't understand
If everything was free about WhatsApp Apps, then it became a good app, but here it is not free to buy all the money you buy with some money
You lied it is not free.
Discord are just self destructing with all these new updates. The app has become worse and worse with new fetures introduced. Instead of finding a way to make the app better the company just tries to find how to make more money out of their customers.
Better than WhatsApp and iMessage. The most secure and private messenger out there and easy to use 👌!
It's very useful app
it works fine while texting and calling but dont screen share or play games, cause it is laggy and will crash;.
Use it for work, sometimes it is a little buggy. My chat will open and be at the very start of two days ago, other times my messages won't give me notifications. Overall, it is a good professional environment for work chats!
Cuts out
No avaliable numbers...
A commercial every call .... please no It's making me look somewhere else... Here until I find something better
I was loving this app since the beginning of May 2023, then on Aug 17th or 18th an outage occured with Tmobile. I have not been able to use the app since. I have contacted cust service several times to be told to uninstall and reinstall which I did several times still doesnt work, contacted CS again to be told the app that im using isnt downloaded from The play store which it is and always has been. Im so frustrated I guess I will have to seek a new app!!!! As of 8-23 I am in contact with them!
Genuinely terrible UI change 12/6/2023 makes the app totally unusable. Disabling app entirely and canceling nitro resubscription until this undone. Encourage others to do the same.
I can't get notifications. All my settings are set correctly. Nothing is muted.
New UI update ruined discord mobile for me, even the ui that you could try out like 2 updates ago was much better than what we had and what we got dont know why they'd actively fight their users on if the new UI is better. If the majority of your users are saying it's bad, stop with the cope its bad
Its a very common issue like i open and i have full internet speed but its keep connecting kindly fix issue please its very annoying
i love the app... when it works it keeps kicking out the app so i have to uninstall it and download it back
Terrible for larger meetings. As soon as there are more than 2 or 3 people on the call, the app lags by almost a minute when clicking things like mute. I can't even hang up and close the app. I have to restart my phone. Only works fine'ish for 1-to1 calls. Many better options out there for larger meetings.
UI really bad, hard to use
It's alright, but half of it is stuck behind a paywall which I find incredibly frustrating.
My audio notes used to play one right after the other over several weeks of recordings. Now, it gets stuck on the second one and just hovers with no sound...I really used this feature for study... please bring it back [] []Much better, thanks
Hi hope you're doing good from last week we are having an issues on Skype Messages are not sending Plz fix that bug ASAP
Doesnt work... It wont even download yet i get gmail notifications of an unused number at 7 days. You never gave me a #! Im trying again and it will not upload you guys obviously are stalking my phone yet i have no text or call capability. I have searched my apps... Youre a ghost. I used you all on last phone and no problem. Youre an eyesore on this phone.
Signal > WhatsApp
I was texted that this was a private messaging site. Who are we? On this site however, I can chat with one person that this site shows. That I like alot.
Why can't we make suggestions and such when we come up with an idea on this platform?
Update: TEXTNOW SUCKS RAT TAINT!!! They sell your number to illegal call centers that call and hang up to get you to call back. Their three main scams are back taxes collection, student loan debt and extended car warranty sales. I've been telling them for eight years I don't owe taxes, I don't have any student loan debt and I don't own a car. The best part is when I complained about the crank calls rising to the level of harassment they blocked me from the app. Adolescent thieves!
I can't get verification codes but I pay for the lock-in your number subscription.... So what am I paying for if I can't get my verification codes??? I use this number for work and now I can't work today because I can't get a verification code. . so can somebody get back to me let me know what's going on and what the hell I'm paying for
Great it works great
I cant make calls to mexico i dial +52 and it says that is not a number support in the us or canada.. what should i do?
Okay but the other person can barely hear me unless I start saying louder than my lungs can go
Don't work 90% of the time I use it
since the latest update, i have a constant notification that i cant find or get rid of, really annoying 😞 any idea whats wrong?
It was really great before; the old UI was a great translation from the PC version to this mobile app but they did a complete redesign recently that doesn't go well with a lot in my opinion. Even if they did have issues with the coding they didn't need to change the entire interface from my perspective
I want to upload a 250mb video but the app was forced to close.
The new Mobile absolutely sucks like there's no getting used to the absolutely mess that the new u.i is, the old one was simple and easy to navigate, give us a choice on which we want to use instead of tell us to just get used to it. Do better devs
Wonderful experience good sound nice and clear picture
This app has given me the opportunity to remain in contact with my high school classmates.
Amazing app! use it to talk to my friends everyday. Totally recommend it!
After using this for SO long and absolutely loving it, it doesn't support sms messages. Now I have to use 2 messaging apps. That is extremely annoying. That was not a good move on your part. Now debating whether or not to keep it.
The app has always worked for me, but now it instantly crashes on my Nexus 5 on both Dalvik and ART runtimes.
This app has been all over the place the last year. First it was working great. Now the signal is terrible. No one can hear me or I lose connection as soon as I answer or the other person answers. I'm an android user so now anyone with an IPhone never receives my texts. I am paying for this app monthly. I feel like I'm wasting my money on something that barely works even on wifi 😒
Needs a new update. Messages won't send (using data or wifi) and I can't
is still gud but I'm not a fan of the new update for mobile, mostly for how they changed visuals, won't let me accept terms for the new monetization term, got screenshot proof for it
its so good
It stays shutdown
One star off because direct messaging makes things cluttered. You cant leave dms, only archive them, and archived chats dont send notifications when new mesages come in.
It'll sign me in for a day at most then it logs me out saying there's an error with my email. I check my email and it's fine and even after trying so many different emails and attempts it won't let me log back in
They're mocking us at this point. It is increasingly clear that they do not care one bit about their users or our feedback, only their investors. Review after review is getting a terrible canned reply from the "dev" and it's so tone deaf it's insulting. (EDIT: their review reply bot already insulted me) Theres no other explanation than they are openly mocking their userbase at this point. What a truly awful UI update and a truly awful response from their customer service. Be better, Discord.
Good phone app ..but also it must be a good hacker app to..
Ive been using this app for almost 2 yrs now and after this new update,whenever i use voice notes it wont send and kick me out of the app..pls fix this.
It was good but then the update with all the squiggly lines made it run slower.
So ugly:( why no colours? Why no new cute mojis or smilies? Looks as an 10yrs old app
Good app, needs some improvement in large groups in connectivity.
Really good to use
Crashes, spontaneously disconnects from wifi, slows phone to a halt
It has to be one of the best open source apps! Functional, seeming secure, I have not tested extensively and works great when bridging the Apple/Google ecosystem divide when messaging ... Do you need a group that has more members than iMessage will allow? Need a group with both Android and IOS users together? Need it to be secure? Need to send larger files? You found it!
Not sure know more late
decline in its popularity. Too bad! It was so useful!
this app has been a lifesaver,, the service is on point !!!
There are some bugs in the app.In a voice chat sometimes it shows the mic is on but actually it is off and same for the camera ,also when you turn off the mic the app is still using mic as shown by a green dot on status bar of phone. please takd a look into it.
Good experience on Skype thank for this app just easy to call our loves ones thank you again skype
This is a fabulous app for group texting, but with the new update you can't scroll through pictures anymore. Super disappointing!!
Signal is deprecating the ability to use SMS. I wanted an app that would be secure, but still be backward compatible to sms. With this removal, Signal becomes no better than every other encrypted messaging software. A colossal blunder, and will cost them a HUGE part of their user base. Very stupid move!
It would not let me text
talking to ALWAYS hears an echo and there is a huge time delay with the
I find to text now it's easy to use and I'm able to have another phone from my!!
my skype didnt ring whenever i recieve calls, most of the time im having problem with the video coz its freezing.please improve this problem
Alright but you have to earn minutes
the stars i gave is just because of the name "BRIAN ACTON"
Txt portion of app works great, did had some issues making and receiving calls
Haven't had it long enough to rated it
Meh it's alright! The app claims it needs an update but doesn't update. And byw I'm not paying for your sh=ty app
Bots are spamming my inbox and I can't even get to the chats I need, no
Worst UI update yet. Slow, buggy, and infuriating to navigate. Canceled my Nitro. If it ain't broke, don't fix it Discord ffs
Very cool
Signal became okay once I understood how to use it without using my mobile carrier's texting number. It would be nice if that were more clear. Also, it "expires" FAR too often for my taste, and each time that happens, I have to relink my other devices; that is an infuriating annoyance. If I can't use ONE stable version for 12 months, it's usefulness, to me, is severely diminished. The updates have become quite tiring.
its good over all but the some issues I find really annoying are when I'm in a call with someone and I turn my Bluetooth off and it switches to phone instead of speaker which turns my screen black if I have something over my camera. the other issue is that when I switch channels or servers the previous text stays up and I have to re open discord to get where I want to go
One of the reasons I like discord is because it did things unique to other social media and didn't try to be a clone, it knew it's niche and it did it well, but over the last year it seems hell bent on joining the race to the bottom by being a twitter & whatsapp clone. I wouldn't bother anymore Update: Discord's response doesn't help anything as per usual, maybe if 17% of your staff were still there I'd have gotten a decent response.
This app is very unstable
Signal is very good from what's app.. And full secure
I am trying to get my password changed by clicking on the forgotten password but when i do nothing pops up like it should exstreamly frustrating and now its saying i have tried to many times!!!
Very secure and good app no adds just peace full everyone should use this app instead of WhatsApp
Good app to use
I love the app, Infact in my opinion it was the greates form of Voice call for me back in the days. NOW. Theres a Major problem for me. Everytime i try to join a vc using wifi it always says "Connecting" But when i use fast data it works. Ive tried alot of ways to fix this but none of em worked. Unless you guys find a way to fix this im sorry about the review.
App has started spawning full screen ads plus the ads in list of messages. It often fails to notify despite setting for notifications turned on. Phone calling is horrible. Cuts out, pops, echo. Very cheap. Messages will jump (move) up and down to force user to click an ad. Sending photos or video is hit and miss.
Good points:  Can call and talk to whoever you need to for free, as long as they have their Skype account and wifi too.  Group calls And for a miniscule group of users which I've never seen anyone in my Skype contacts use: the story like function-esque from snapchat.   Bad points:  Microphone choice might go from speaker to headset upon notification, media, or randomly. The layover thing in a call is extremely annoying. Please do fix.  The Skype suggestion/complaints things really could use some help, I've read replies from Google app ratings/review to contact them within the app to complaint or suggest. Done that, no reply, nor notification. So uh yeah, here's a review you guys honestly deserve.
Idk about it its ok it wont let me call
Constantly not sending texts and shutting down...
I wouldn't recommend this app to anybody, it's not free. But you need to receive a text message like a verification code from an employer you can expect to pay for it. The keypad doesn't even work during a live call for your "free phone call" I suggest looking for an alternative free app not this one. Give me free service to change my mind
Having to give access to all my pictures to attach one prof Pic for work.
The application is awesome free text,calls etc...but these ads are becoming more annoying I'm gonna get me a hacked paid version of it because I'm not gonna pay for some silly ads to come off plus this it's not some app I use all the time but I come back and use it because it's a great app . Otherwise yep 3 stars for the great app 2 stars for poor ads
Change the UI back
I can't get pics or send pics at all!
I cannot find back this specific app on my Google play store and I'm at a road block. I want to install on a next phone but each time I search for this textfree, I just can't seem to find it.pinger Inc please for a solution
Problems galore. My camera keeps disappearing during video calls. Calls and texts are often missed simply because it isn't ringing. Not reliable.
Then started getting daily Pinger messages about games with no way to block. I don't mind ads (I know they have to make money somehow)  but daily sales text ads got old fast.
Can't even make a call
Clearing chat history didn't works. It looks like convos go away but they don't.
Effective and efficient!
good. app
Good reliable game talk and updates about what a player is doing and also a good way to communicate with other people that can talk about the games they like
I downloaded text now and was unable to finish setting up the account now they won't let me said something like I was using the app for wrong reason I never got the chance to use the app so how was I using it against their policy. Use to think text now was a great app never had any problems but now I'm not so sure
sucks half the time takes my money but works after u restart it a few times.
1 star now I have ordered 2x now a sim card with not even a delivery .. and I'm irritated I pay 7 a WEEK TO BE ADDLESS WHEN I SEE OTHERS PAYING 1.99. HOW COME? I use this as a second line, I pay same as major carrier. They don't nickled & dime me. Verizon, going back to them. I've got no sim..x 2..no refunds.. I got no way to contact you. I like my number so much I locked it in...update 10/30/23. I STILL have no sim card. No contact except website. ? Um phone to call to you please. Good grief
I helps when m is turned off
Great for keeping up with my sons sports
Sometimes there is problem with mic button
Great app to communicate with everyone, but when you add people it is really confusing, you add the names to the list, then when you hit the check mark in the corner to say your done, it shows a note at the bottom saying they could not be added, but when you exit it shows that they were added. Seems like it could be a easy fix
Why is it automatically changed when I select a number?
Works great for what I need it for
generally easy to use, but not easy to delete specific conversations.
I'm having some problems. I receive messages from my friends but it doesn't download it and looks like they're trying to send me a picture when it's just an image. also when I'm on strong wifi or have good service my messages don't send sometimes and it takes forever it fix it. I'm tired of uninstalling and reinstalling this app. I'm not sure I or you guys need to do to fix that
It really awesome ✅
working and I have had no replies to my 4 feedbacks
I hope this will help
Good app. Love the extra security.
App trash
Latest major update broke a bunch of stuff. I now have to force restart to get messages to show up, and the UI doesn't update when I send messages, but the message does send, so I end up sending the same message repeatedly with re-hits of the send button. This is on vanilla Android. Did you do any testing at all??
No ability to paste images in the public chat
Simple operation. Amazing
Addicted to this game but annoyed with the ads
I'm keeping it real I have been using this app for years but over time it's
This app works great as long as you have a strong WiFi connection
App erased somehow after I paid the 4.99 fee I saved every thing to my phone it's all gone and I don't remember my email, username, phone number and password. How can I get it back? Please help me get it back the money is off my debit card.
Clumsy, non-intuitive. Google msg app is easier to use.
Love it seems pretty private would be cool too call people
Great platform
I love this one
I've used GroupMe for years, works so much better than group texts which always seems to leave off a couple people.
Update. Nov 20 2022 After last update, the pop-up ADS from text free app is fixed . I hope this app work as years ago, smooth and usefully to anyone . Thanks to the text free team 👍
The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that there's always some issue when trying to add someone with just their phone number when they ready downloaded the app
The te ting port in is great, but I drop a lot of phone calls. I use this number as a business line for work and it sucks that I drop as many calls as I do.
I would've gave it a five star but there should be a minor fixes. for example; one time i was calling my friend but she said if i were mute since she couldn't hear me i find it odd since i was talking and told them. I couldn't find whats the problem whatsoever. Second; Verification email. I do have an email and i keep pressing the button to verify my email but when i checked it i couldn't find anything. In my inbox and spam. Well it might be me since i don't often use my email but i checked.
When I tired to open Signal, asked my phone, but it did not give me verification code. So I tried many time but it is not OK. Why? I think it should be easy to use it if my phone number is correct. Or else should ask my email as well if doubted.And it is confused to confirm if it is human or not. Picture given is not that clear and not mentioned how many do we need to choose. Felt depressed now. Thanks
What app man this app is good I can talk with my friend but there is some glitchs but this app ok 👍
New gui horrible
It takes over a minute to open a message and usually it closes itself before the message opens.
Look I don't have my phone I'm headed to get one asap
Very convenient... nice to have this to fall back on in MANY situations, and free!? It's like a sore dick... you CAN'T BEAT IT!!! LOL!😁
It works fine but when i need to call somebody and have no WiFi eek 😔 but other then that it's fine.
Won't load. Error and won't sign in
it’s a great app and all but when i bought nitro (the expensive one) i didn’t get it? i don’t know if it’s a bug or something. . .
The app is good juat the notifications maje cause problem in some situations
Uninstalling for ONE reason: Does NOT offer unlimited calls, texts, or MMS. It's 2023! What second phone number app doesn't offer you unlimited, especially for $8.99 a month/$95 annually? I believe the plan offered less than 1000 minutes, and that was for a SMALL BUSINESS?? I'm honestly shopped right now. Other than that, I loved the phone number selection process... That was the best thing about the app.
Haven't used in years But when I go to sleep a Latino guy hacked my phone and use it against my Will when I am sleeping
It's ok so far
easy communication
They have too many commercial and ads I hate it and wen u skip it make my screen black. I have to close the window just to dail again
App does not work well with android. They need to take down works with every phone. Tried two different phones here and no luck
Pictures never send it's trash.
When I receive an incoming call, it doesn't save it in inbox after I hang up. Be nice if it showed calls that dialed me.
Not a fan of the new mobile UI. Having to open the search to look at the member list of a channel instead of swipe has been frustrating. Don't like the new bottom navigation menu. Much rather use the desktop version when I can.
It sucks won't work right won't let me text or call so I uninstalled it it glitches out when I call so until you fix it I don't want it
It is a great way to speak but it is very glitchy
I love this but my friend is saying bad word with this app please remove it it's not good if somebody else say it it might be a disaster everyone will say bad word and discord you are the one in trouble so I'm trying to just say remove the bad word feature please I don't like it
Anytime a "free" app has intrusive advertisements that are able to completely cutoff my usage of said app's possible features and abilities to the point i have to close out the advertisement before I am able, or better yet, before it is even possible to continue to use the application,to any degree, as it is intended or otherwise. I have to wonder, have I got the application because I enjoy my ability to close out of intrusive pop-ups? Not likely. ZERO STARS.
I downloaded text now thus past Nov temporarily until I could get a new phone. I downloaded the free version. Nov 30, Dec 11, 18, 26 7.67 has been coming out of my bank account. Why? I need reimbursement immediately!!!!
App for free calling and texting
Please bring back the old Dark theme
Sometimes I don't receive a personal message from a person who sent me a message, and vice versa.
Awful after update its hard to use please change it back
voice quality is good. easy to use.
It's a great app. I can't find a way to delete chats.
They force you to pay for verification codes
I hate the new UI. Especially that I can't swipe left to see a simplified list of the server members. Or that the ability to narrow your search to a specific channel has been removed. Like, I can't search "in: #general from: username" anymore. And I hate that the app settings location has been changed to a little gear icon at the top of my profile. Edit: Thanks for the reply, but these are not bugs that can be fixed by reinstalling the app. These are changes you made to Discord's UI. Do better.
It stells you Gmail So don't even try It
Update: A horrible new mobile update prevents from users being able to check the members inside of a server. It's also the classic nitro, useless nitro you're not able to have a custom profile anymore. You can not create servers as quickly as back then. Please return to the original layout.
Awful update. Stripped all intuitiveness for no reason
perfect for keeping a bunch of ppl on the same page for planning a big trip etc
I bell ive its a good app worth 5
Great service and reception. Clear audio, but I don't have an answer button so I can't answer calls.
Call clearity issue, and "call logs not available," plus no online status!
Not as user friendly as WhatsApp but I am new to it. Maybe with more use it'll be easier.
What ever was causing my problems must have been fixed. Some times I had to make the same call more than once before it would make the other persons phone ring. As of lately things seem to be operating with no hic-ups. I am very happy with the apps operation.
Please bring back the time stamp for each comment! Thanks for trying with the emojis, they still need work tho. Also, I want to delete convos not just hide them. Patiently waiting.
Enjoying group chats with my colleagues all in one spot!
Horrible app would not recommend calls constantly drop if they even go through in the first place smh.
Excellent app, intuitive and most importantly not linked to Meta. Would love some form of cloud backup integration to help port import chats to another phone.
cant open using android phone
It's nice. Haven't ran into any problem.
I'm editing this review. Recently the app started glitching so much I just can't stay without saying anything. In android, when I send a pic, the progression mark on top right corner doesn't disappear even after being sent. And the pics often get cut in half in the screen. You can't see the whole pic without opening it. It was better when you could queue a photo and send a message beneath it. But now, when you do that, if the messege manages to reach before the pic, the pic is sent later.
Having trouble using the search bar. It keeps saying We dropped the magnifying glass. Try searching again. Why does this keep happening? It's rather annoying.
Won't let me post pics. Everytime I try I get a meme screen and when I try to post a pic it posts a black box!! Please fix this!! Others can post in my groups why can't I?? I have an LG K92 5G phone
Can't use this to verify a phone number...
I thought I paid to keep my #. now they telling me. I'm going to lose it...smh
Search in conversation feature never works for msgs older than 1 yr
Slow as an ant :) when you open it, you wait, wait, wait, click not to close the app a couple times.. and after a couple of minutes, you are good to go ^^
It freezes on Android all the time when first opening the app now. Otherwise amazing tool
Wish it had more options for messaging and more free mins
When i send a message or get a message I don't get it on time or my friends don't get it till later or till the next day please fix
Only been using signal for a week but so far so good!
usually great but lately... like for example I just now received notification of a call that came in at 759
The reason why I gave it to a 2 stars is the connection problem. I have good Wi-Fi but it won't let me chat because the connect thing at top. I actually waited like 2 hour and it's won't work. I tried unstall then installed AND airplane mode in and out. Still I'm giving this 2 star, I'm gonna update yall!
I'm new to the App, but it seems to be pretty good.
Very good site no issues
After a text a pop up comes out. Before the ads were at the bottom which didnt bug so much but now theyre annoying.  still works fine though
Perfect for free calls and text over WiFi. The Only flaw is calls must be in a strong signal range or they won't go through, sound broken up, or get dropped. EDIT: YOU SERIOUSLY NEED TO STOP THESE FULL PAGE ADS AFTER A CALL THIS IS GETTING RIDICULOUS
Freezes within a few seconds of starting up. Useless.
The new overall ui update is inaccessible, clunky and annoying to navigate. The inability to go back to the old format is poorly thought out aswell for those who cannot use the new format. Dms have a separate tab and trying to check whos online replies to messages. Some things are better off staying manual. I hope that soon the ability to switch back will be added, or atleast removing the swipe to reply and moving dms back above servers.
There was nothing to do with the app, but the person I was talking to.
Despite not giving permission to sync contacts, the app does it secretly in the background.
It doesn't cm
Great video chat!!! ☺️
Slow with Andriod phone but very private
I think this has been an amazing opportunity to make extra money vv
it stopped working for the first time today after 5+ years of using it. I had no more lockscreen with passphrase then i enabled app lock and changed PIN for periodical verification. The new lock screen looks very different now (new version?) and after inserting the system screen unlock code, i get the message: "Unfortunately Signal has stopped". Even removing system screen lock i get same error Perhaps something got corrupted, a simple "reinstall" could avoid a new install which i'll have to do.
Its good when need it
It's been a solid so for years. Latest iteration is broken on Android. Either use it on a different platform or get something that works.
Its An Alright Ap
Worst experience i am not able to join any group
Sorry for the 4 stars, also I know this is a rate thing but I wanted to ask if you could do something, like I don't know how to say it but, instead of only being able to send 5, maybe make it where we can send more? Maybe 20 or 10, I take a lot of screenshots when I play with my brother on this game called Roblox, I need to delete them but I wanna send them to my mom before I do that, so yeah...
Great app I talk to my friends on it all the time but for some reason I cannot send images/videos ANYWHERE, this hasnt been a problem at all ever and now it just constantly fails at letting me send anything, ive deleted and reinstalled the app, restarted my phone and yet it wont work and Im really annoyed because I use my phone to send most images on discord
Great way to talk
Extremely slow since latest update 21 Sep (Samsung S9) Shows unavailable if we call each other - At the same time - Or sometimes for no reason Good sound and video quality :)
Great and secure app
It takes so long to load.. My WiFi is good but it will take a while to load, I tried resetting the app still the same..
Has been great other than recently, haven't been recieciving my incoming text messages and its very annoying
Cant enable the sim card they sent!! I was using this service for a while and they wanted 99 cents for a new sim card. I can only use this phone now on wifi...
App is very sensitive and if you change any settings on your phone, not the app, you risk loosing everything in the app itself. Make sure you back up your messages weekly if not daily to your phone or another trusted site, not this app. I lost text messages from loved ones that have since past. Messages I've kept in the app, gone forever. Tried backing up app prior to loosing messages and the app saved it somewhere, I don't know where it went.
One of the....
Yall are destroying the app with these updates nore and more now barely anything will load.
While using the app sometime it shows verify your email id
Three stars is all you get until the developers sit up and take notice that deleting SMS capability from the app was a bad mistake. Otherwise, the app is a great app, and when the developers fix the SMS issue (when they come to their senses and include it once again in the app), you will receive a five-star rating. Not really understanding what they are trying to do here, possibly other than turn 100 million users into half that. Deleting SMS capability has ticked off a lot of users.
not happy with the sudden unnecessary changes and having issues constatly lately
Great app me and my friends love
Very fun runner with unique gameplay and story
sad :( i dont like rhe n3w usernames... i miss the numebes... :'(
It's a great and useful app, but I'm having issue with my notifications going off. So I end up missing a lot of messages.
The best phone app. in Google play store hands 👇 !!! 😊
More garbage from the Play store App should be great but let's you down. Can't send SMS messages, can't send pics, can't import texts from stock app. Oh well bye bye Signal
Don't work in my country.
I want to know the motha f$#& this piece of d$@% app hasn't been working for a month now. Is nobody c@&#-suckin monitoring it or what the actual f&$%?!
Its awsome i just wish i had more minutes
It great. My only issue is I can't receive pictures.
I can't get a new number
The mobile update feels extremely poorly designed and reminds me of a qoute, "if it isn't broken don't fix it." Meaning if you fix a problem that doesn't exist you can make things worse. I recommend only using discord on a pc and not mobile app. 1 star only because of this terrible mobile ui update. Please allow us to use the old layout again.
I remember the thingamajig being light blue instead of purple... xD
So I don't get push notifications and can't see my messages unless I physically open the app. And when does android version get the same updates as the iOS version.
Works every time Im on it.
Keeps showing me as online whenever I open the app. Even if I manually change my status to busy or offline, if will automatically show me as online within a few seconds. Annoying and causes misunderstandings :( This issue is still here and it's been 5 months.
I called for your promised support and work. Nothing was done. My account is the way I was living and need it still. Lost my job, and connection back in my daughter's life. Lost my mom, left without pictures and text because of this. Lost my emailing accounts. This is the worst customer service and employees. Very much unsatisfied. Needed new sim card and was refused. Felt discriminated and no remorse or efforts
Never works even though i pay for nitro please fix.
It's far better than WhatsApp
It's been a great app, but in the last week or two, it has stopped notifying me of new messages, so I miss the messages for sometimes multiple days until I reopen the app. If this got fixed, I would up the rating.
Crashed every single time I wanted to do something other then send a message, until they fix this burning trashpile of an app just use the browser or PC versions
Having major issues with voice channels. No one can hear me and I can't hear them. Can't join any channels on Xbox series X, either.
It would be really great if you guys provide search feature in Chat. Thanks!
Bugs keep happening that messes up the UI and i have to reinstall every time
Won't let me make or receive calls
The newest update is complete rubbish. Such a step back in so many ways. It legitimately feels like an app in an early beta stage. C'mon guys.
Dropping my review down to 2 because I don't know how you made this app worse. The new mobile ui is so laggy when switching tabs and it's worse when in a VC. The update really just did not feel necessary at all
It really sucks having to use two apps for texting
Why I kept 4star because we can only add 4 members only too sad if not You also go like Webex app or is famous in india only sometimes I will use this app but ok all the best Thanks to Skype
Good app but could be better SERIOUSLY! I expected better from Pinger folks since they have been in the VOIP business for years. Problem 1: It would ring but disconnect before the call. You have to reset app. The wifi to data transition for call is pretty terrible compared to Hangout. I am getting sign in to Samsng network messages with your SIM everyday Problem 2: You are done with call but can't hang up. You have to clear cache at minimum so it actually ends the call.
New update is garbage, slow, and cumbersome. Change it back.
I have zero interest in Signal aggressively informing me about who joined Signal. Just let me chat.
The signal is not good at times however it beats not having a way to make a call at all
Call quality is terrible & calls constantly drop
I would prefer it if i could see if person i want to chat is on line.
Easy to use! Doesn't let me expand on group participants' profiles when I click on them though?
Been with discord since 2017 or earlier. I've seen it grow, I've learned with it, and with over 50 servers under my belt I can honestly say I'm a huge supporter ♡
Sure its encrypted before u send it but everyone can see what u write before u encrypt it lol.
I have like the other vers from discord where your servers are in a map only the problem is I cant ho to other servers may a glitch I have or everyone and how to get it again ?
Push notifications were finally fixed, thank you for addressing that and responding to my initial comment. App still lags my advanced s8 and is not capable of sending video! It just keeps trying to send forever. It'll do the sending icon thing for days
To many ads not working right
if it worked without WiFi it would be perfect
the app stops downloading at 82% bur i had it before ir didnt do this
New update made the app unnavigable. It is unresponsive
Whats with the stupid notification to change my username and that wouldnt go away till I went to change my username that I do not want to change!!??!?!?!????
Great so far.
Wish I could have the old version back!
If I could I'd make it negative five stars
Biggest waste of time on the internet
Texts are not sending though it shows they are. The recipients (myself included, texting my factual number) are not receiving my sent text messages. Please fix or there truly isn't any reason to keep installed *EDIT there are no updates available
Appreciate the way our church is using this platform as another form of communication.
Worked fine at first now when I get calls the phone does not ring. I just receive notification that someone called after all the trouble shooting still malfunctioning
Good. Nice to be onboard
Calling sucks.. drops all the time or chippy.... texting is great tho
It has been very good so far! This is the first time that I have used it and will continue to since I have been very pleased!!
It's a great phone call app, I use it as a backup for my other smartphone.
App is good, but it won't let me receive SMS messages. Sad because I used this app to make, a telegram to keep in contact with my significant other.
Love it it a good way to communicate with a the group of people
It rings and after I can't hear a thing so if I could rate a zero that's what it would be
The Signal app now only lets me see new messages once I open the app. It doesn't send me notifications anymore. I've tried uninstalling it and downloading it again and nothing's worked.
They randomly deleted my phone number I've had for years without any notice - never using this stupid app again.
Can you not use this to verify on social apps?
Disrespecting Islam 🕋🕌
Best app to talk and chat with your friends for gamers
Owned by a racist company
A lot of freezing and delays really I rate this app a 0 thumbs down till the freezing stops this app is useless,and a waste of my. Time
Just tried getting my old number back and it says oops someone just snatched it . I call my old number and it says line is not in service. So not only did they lie once with saying someone conveniently snatched my number as I asked for it back and was top result but it also lied about the number being taken IN THE FIRST PLACE. Y'ALL ARE PETTY AND MAKING IT MORE ANNOYING. support hasn't been available
None for my area code
The new update is not mobile user friendly. I can no longer easy swipe to where I need to go. The new UI is so buggy, it makes using the app frustrating and useless. Messages won't send, servers are messed up. Having to click to get anywhere is frustrating, when before you just had to swipe to get somewhere. While it's just as easy, it is not mobile user friendly. Especially when before all you had to was swipe to get anywhere. It was the best thing about the app. Please revert the app.
No notifications when you get a text. You have to open app every time. Completely useless.
Yeah, its a good messenger, and is hassle free. Im not a security expert, so cannot comment on that, but the rest , the chatting part is comfortable.
Would've been better if the call feature was working in the uae but still it's a pretty good app
its good for texting but it wont let me update it so i cant use it
This app was perfect. Then they removed sms support. Now I have no use for it.
so far, so good. hope a update to this review isn't needed
Can't see the texts sent to me
Tried for a few months now and have had to change my review. Lot of problems with sending messages and dropping calls. Afraid il be deleting this app and giving telegram a try.
god damn bro whats with the laggy ui
Garbage app used by scammers. Once you create an account it will never let you delete it as it will just give you an error and blame your network! NEVER use this app!
I can only send videos under 15 secs and when my friends send videos, they end up to be 3 secs at the max. And they amount of ads are annoying. And, when I let my friend use my phone, she typed in a random number, and it's not a real one. And when I try to delete it, it says I can't.
My skype cam is not working... What should i do
I like it but it cliches my iPhone
I think the fact that you couldn't even include an option to switch back to the old UI (like you did with the first time you changed it) is really scummy, and not something many would expect from a dominator in the messaging sector. I know for sure that 99% of users preferred the similarity between the desktop app and the mobile app. please, do everyone a great favour, and bring back the GOOD UI.
I don't like the new app, it's confusing and has nothing to do with the old one which we are used to
For some reason just a few minutes ago my discord completely kicked me out of all my servers and I don't understand why. So until this problem is fixed I won't be using it anymore.
its very usefull and secqurity feature very best
Tons of ads that take up more than half the screen. Slow, lags. Kills youre battery beyond fast. Glitchy on the keyboard.
Works perfect for me. 🙂
make it smoother.
The great app!
My only grief is battery drain with this up while on video call. On 1 he conversation it will drain about 60% battery on my pixel 7 Pro comparing to Whatsapp about 20% and FB messenger which only drained 15%. Signal developers really need to look at ways improving this aspect. It should be priority!!! I can't have the phone on charger all day to use the video call feature that's insane. Dropping sms support is nice step backwards, great job. Uninstalled the app and left the platform for now.
II don't know about this, man.
Good one
Good messaging app.. however I cannot find a way to delete messages
After the last update, i not be able to multi task while video call someone
Signal seems to be extra! I really love the user interface, really intuitive. nevertheless, my contacts need to have a signal account for me to send them SMS...
App is ctually worse than garbage.. I have a Galaxy Note20 and on android it's SO SLOW that it makes me want to physically hurt people from rage. I clear the cache, shut down EVERY OTHER APP, uninstall and reinstall, and yet the app will NOT respond to touch no matter what I do. Writing my family's server causes me stress and anxiety to a point where I avoid messaging back if possible, which is NOT ideal. Please fix this issue
Way too easy to accidentally delete data, lost all my sms messages while TRYING to back them up before moving off signal since they won't support it anymore. 2 years of texts gone.
Awful....like going back in time...
New update is trash.
Love this app 🤩 I recommend it to anyone needing a backup and or 2nd line
Can you please address the issue that the app can't verify my phone number after 2 days of trying?
The account limitation thing is annoying and pisses me off i havent sent anything bad on my account or said anything bad or spammed nobody I'm trying to text people like normal and I can't text no one for the next 24 hours 😡
Used to be great but now, wont log in. It sits there saying its logging in but doesn't..
Can't find existing groups after changing phone
This is a good app I can call and text my friends but I can't used it with out WiFi
This is a good app
Sucks since bought by Microsoft
I can't believe how bad they've made the app in the last 3 months. Every update they make the UI clunkier and slower. Useful swiping gestures are gone, you can reply 2 seconds faster, but if you want to check either sidebar, you're not doing it 1 handed anymore. And that's the main issue here actually, they've RUINED one handed usability. Horrible.
The new layout is trash and never should have existed to begin with. And now it's being forced to be used as you've removed the use old layout option. Bring back the old layout ffs, this new layout is trash.
Glad to have an option but they are hackable and don't keep you secure so you still are able to lose call logs and numbers. Too open to developers getting into apps and deleting or changing permissions and changing your passwords or turning phone off.
Another site that women scam me
Perfect 🥰
Discord mobile new update is glitchy, which is understandable, but the ui/ux is not intuitive like it was in the last iteration. Everyone is saying how confusing it is.
No more sms no more reason for signal uninstalling. Signal is discontinuing sms support. That means I have no reason for this app anymore.
They keep changing the UI, destroying years of my muscle memory for no real benefit as far as Im concerned. I could take or leave the themes and new icons. they're fine. I just dont wanna have to relearn how I interact with this app every 3 months. cannot reccomend you use it, because as soon as you get used to it, something is gonna change.
It's very irritating that I stop receiving notifications of new messages everytime that there is an update to the app and I haven't done it yet.
Calling anyone is literally trash.. Both sides of the call break up, my voice echoes and my calls drop🚮🚮
it is not as good as before. They have raised prices.
Changed as they are removing support for SMS. It was a very nice feature to have the SMS integrated in my main messaging app.
Great content!
please turn off auto compression it does the opposite of what it's meant to do
So far it's really good, I have not been, so I can't be raining at higher
I receive msgs and I could open it, problem is, its gunna show nothin..
Does not let me create an account. Just crashes or throws an error that just says contact support, who don't answer.
This app sucks half the time i csnt make calls or even recive codes to get into an app without paying. I dont recomend this app to anyone
A good backup phone
I really like it so far, if it works out good on this old phone then I'll be back with another 🌟 Ok well it doesn't want to load so let's go down to 2
Its a little hard to reorder the roles while im on mobile, thats it
Love this app except for when it freezes up and the only thing I wished this app had was a delete all button when you go to delete call history gets aggravating when you have to go one by one,!
Horrible update. Swipe left to view active members is gone, app constantly opens to the first server on the list instead of where I left it, and it's SLOW to open. Old app would open instantly to wherever I left off, now it shows a "no servers found screen before it loads all the servers. Revert this or we will move to guilded!
Why it is not showing last seen?
I got it
download speed could be a little better.
Current update has somewhat broke the app for me. I have to open and close regularly to get it working for long enough to do what I need
The new layout sucks. Anyone who has been using Discord for a hefty amount of time would not adjust to the new controls and layout as quickly, if not, at all. This was unnecessary, and at the very least, allow us the option to disable it. As a long-time discord user, I am greatly displeased about this myself. Please take your consumers' input into consideration.
Could not get through to my bank could access my money for 3 days
It's works what I need it for ty
It slowly gets better, and I like the administrative options and customization. Lots of little things that could get worked out. Highlighted messages are hard to see in midnight mode. Some times events say 3 are interested, but only two are. Crashes are common. Leaving the app for a moment will have you leave a call while still displaying you in the call as though it never disconnected you. (Update: started freezing again. I wish I never edited my review to be so positive [above].)
Absolutely horrendous. Mic disconnects when it wants to, I can't get through a single phone call or video chat without something going wrong. Not to mention it has so many bugs! Sometimes new messages simply don't show up on the screen even though I get notifications that I got new messages.
Very secure safe to chat with friends
After the new update, there's so many bugs and issues
Used to love it. Then it randomly stopped notifying me of messages. All notifications are on both in the app and on my phone.
You can no longer search within threads in a server. This is an essential feature that was recently removed in an update, and greatly affects my use of the app for the worse.
I have been using this app for 2 months now and enjoy the ability to reach new friends
Liked it,loved it,want it
Well in the begining is find Seem to send message very good But then its didnt let me send message anymore . Its said that my number is not available and told me to pick a different number. I pick a different one and still not work. Tried a at least 20 times and still not work. Does that mean they force me to buy a number from them? Not make sense!
this is right on time u can find everythink u look for thank u roseco peko
Good luck
Application don't recieve calls, messages and missed calls notifications whenever new update comes. I don't update the app automatically but my brother does. His app is always updated and mine is 1 step old and he always complain that we don't attend calls whereas I don't receive his calls or messages.
I love discord. I use discord every day. Discord is an essential for me to keep in touch with friends. But oh my god please for the love of everything FIX the Android version. It's such a mess. Pretty much every time I launch, I have to exit and re-enter to fix some stupid issue such as showing only half the emotes on the screen with the rest cut off, or showing me the exact same chat from a server even if I change to different servers, channels, or enter dms. There is a whole myriad of issues!
Discord text notifications hardly ever work. Sometimes I'll he notified hours later or not at all.
Very excited 😆😆
I just found out that the Skype-out rates were hiked by 2-3x. Calling to US phones is now 11c/min!!! I got absolutely no notification about this even though I used the Skype-out almost daily. This sneaky tactic does not sit well with me. After more than a decade you lost me. No more payment for you!
I don't get notifications, worst
Now I am having an issue where I can't download pictures my friends use as references. It seems to be happening to a lot of other people as well.
Nice app.
I think since Skype was Built in it's not imo as good,,, I'm not getting notifications when I recieve an IM or Call ?? Please fix this ....
To many scams already someone trying to blackmail me
easy to use! would like an option to delete messages sent in error or something but overall just awesome! (edit) My rate used to be 5 stars but lately the app doesn't let me post any gifs, every single time it gives me an error and it's so annoying, sometimes closing the app and reopen it makes it work but only a few times. Too bad I use it for work otherwise I'd uninstall for sure!
Good stuff, one gripe is the video is more pixelated, the tradeoff I guess for being secure
Can't send pic
Echo sounds
I dont get notifications from this app on galaxy s4. Tried turning it off and then back on and restarting phone. Nothing works. Have to open the app to see of iv got something.
Most recent set of UI updates have made the app almost unusable for me. I mainly check 3 things for a server: are people in a voice channel, who's online, and DMs. Using this for weeks now and I can't get the hang of where to click and what to swipe 😥
The new UI is so ugly..bring the old UI back!!!!
Good app...but online offline don't show... please update people online or don't online line.
It's great app
I love using this app ! It does kick me out off calls when i leave the app after like 5 minutes though. Thats ONE of its only flaws. I dont like the istant emoji thing, (from <3 to ❤) and its very annoying to go turn it off through chrome desktop mode.
This is Helpful it lets me do some of my bible studying with my bible teacher and most of the time it works Very good I this is better than zoom
I love this app it's connect to my love ones
I dont let me upload pics and wont let upload a short gif
Good quality video calls, but some fundamental flaws. Lots of pointless "social" features, but no indication which camera is active. Having to ask the other side what they're seeing seems ridiculous.
Sadly another negative review from me I'm afraid!! Tried to log in for the first time in a while (on my Android Tablet) and I barely log in before it totally freezes so I jave to shut the whole app down again!! Tried reinstalling, clearing data and cache but still it freezes!! Very disappponting and I doubt I shall use again.
Too many ads
Horrible if this has ads we should receive all benefits instead of paying for verification codes
It's been working for thanks
Backup doesn't work. Connecting to a nearby device fails and using exported JSON data doesn't work because no file in JSON is found.
saying it's been inactive for month. Terrible customer service as well
I loved the app but I'll add the missing star if you impliment this: people should not be able to know even if they have my contact saved that I'm using this app until I myself add them. I need this much of privacy
It's a great app I just don't like how it dosent have a FaceTime or anything to see if the person you sent something to has read it yet that would make it 20x better
I've used the app for years, but removing sms is a deal-breaker
Scammers hide hear
For the most part it's an ok app but then at times it's terrible I'll be sitting here (phone volume for notications, media, calls and alarm all maxed) then it'll just light up and say "missed call" but wouldn't ring and sure enough go to check the notification and it registers a missed called but not once did it ring or show any indication I was receiving a call. Tried uninstalling and re installing, it's updated and still the issue is present
Cannot Save profile pic from the gallery, pls help.
I liked this app when i first downloaded it. But the current update will not allow you to copy messages posted to groups.
It sucks, never works right!! Never!!!!
Fabulous software.
The mobile discord interface is very bad, I'm have constantly problems, the call screen stay cut and don't resolve.
it still is not great....
It works great on my PC. But it doesnt work well in my phone. I couldnt get
Discord used to be amazing. Now I am going to cancel my nitro membership because there's too many bugs in what is supposed to be a stable version. Stop the company should stop trying to "enhance" what people love. You're just causing more issues.
What were you thinking disabling SMS? Used to be a decent app. In what world is *everyone* I need to text going to just accept my invitation to signal? Cruel trick. You're fooling yourselves.
Is not free  is $3 monthly
Having issues calling out on the app. Keep getting the message to "try again later", but I'm able to text.
support results in no changes or improvements. Totally worthless app if
My conversations are not updating for the last few days. Restarted app, restarted phone... nothing helps. Please fix.
Absolute favorite messaging app. Works great and I love the features in the latest update.
Why does skype use so much space?? Extremely disappointing. I had to delete all my apps inorder to get access to skype.
Constantly has to reload ...and I can't change my profile picture will not save.
Everytime I try to do anything it crashes, I love this app pls help fix it so I can keep it
If your a kid and u don't have a facebook this is not far u so go get a new texting app
When it works, it's fine. But that's not often. If you swap to another app for a minute or two, then go back, you'll be greeted with connection issues. You have to remove the app from the recent list in order for it to connect again. This happen on WiFi or 4G/5G. The updated UI is a mess. It's harder to navigate and search conversations. When sharing content from other apps, Discord is missing. I used to be able to tap a friend's picture in the share sheet but those are gone.
What is it that makes it so difficult for you morons to do a simple update? Deleted. I'll happily erase everyone to make a point ....
Nothing free about it. Not if you value your time. To earn time for calls ( yes, I said EARN. Which by definition means it isnt free) You either have to constantly watch videos. Or spend 4 hours playing some game until you reach a certain level. Or take nearly 100 surveys. Just download Text Now. It's way better. And its actually free.
This app is good 👍
Quality is great. However the rates could be better.
Add an option so users can choose between old and new UI because new UI are not really good.
Good app but they keep changing the font and dont give us a choice between new and old options.
I'll tell you when I findout
Wow super
So far so good, just started last week.
WORST app ever. Barely functions and always force closes. Use any other app if you can.
Great source of group communication. Easy to set up and works without problems.
There are way to many times where this app won't send or receive texts
New UI loads slow, cluncky and broken. If something works, don't fix or meddle it please!
I like this thatswhy i give 5star rating
Cant hear most of the time. Freezes n delays
It's fine and good application for like We use what's app
Works pretty well so far. This well ne perfect with mms direct without a Link...
Why I do not get notifications when I receive Skype call? My notifications are on. For that readon 8I keep missing calls.
App keeps getting stuck since the latest update and their support page doesn't work with my account details. Can't change servers as it gets stuck, messages don't look live they've sent but you've actually sent about 50 at once. Worst update ever.
I updated and now ive lost emojicons im so disappointed bring it back please and ill give 5 stars for sure
safety and useful application for communication.
Quality voice hearing over call
Real good it was real good experience
Needs more mins and survey doesnt work for that
Since a few days now, the app is behaving weird. Like as if it is unable to connect or use the Internet. My other apps work fine. Pls help and solve the issue. I had sent a debug report a day or two back and I was able to send and receive messages later, but now it is back to how it was earlier. I can't even sent the debug report
Please open it
The new update and redesign is not responsive at all
there, or spam of email addresses... to the point you cant find the
I'd rather give it 2 1/2 stars the app works all right, no complaining there but the low stars are to many ads. Ads when you open it ads every messages you send. Ads in between different recipients. Basically to many ads. Recently my app stopped working. I have it on 2 devices and none of them will send or receive texts. Moving on to something else. I contacted developer and they're not responding. Too bad I don't want to loose my number.
Reliable back up phone when my service runs out
Won't install
Nice app good working
Great messaging and calls
Will not work and what sucks the most I need it for work, please fix the issues
we need discord LITE! just a a fully optimized mobile app with limited, but functional and important features.
Very fun game to play with friends!
Once again, I have some problem where I am not receiving notifications for new messages. I have restarted my phone, Uninstaller, and messed with the settings multiple times. I want this fixed now.
Awesome experience
Tried calling, no connection!!Texting works,well some what!! This app has potential,but is swamped with add.. Can't concentrate on sending messages,bc of all the chatter from the adds!! Im totally disappointed! So many adds I don't want to use the app, seriously going to delete the app it's not worth the hassle save yourself the time!!
wish there were better notifications
Since the new Sim card update, my husband and I keep experiencing a very weird drop call event. The call starts breaking up and then we both hear an electronic boop boop repeated over and over. The call is essentially done at that point. It doesn't happen when we call non-textnow numbers. It's very irritating and never happened prior to the Sim update.
Discord is very good app I have samsung phone and when someone call me I just listen ringtone for once I mean ringtone don't play sound in loop
I love the app but I can't hear my cousin when I am calling her but she can hear me. So can you please tell me what is happening to me.
Sometimes doesn't work or problem with sound quality. Todqy is ok, however.
Great secure app, If you are looking for privacy and confidentiality, this is the right app
Used to work well but now it doesn't translate properly if at all sometimes, it repeats whatever I say back to me, it stutters, it changes words. Sucks but there are no other options available
works providing you have WiFi
Periodically deleted all my messages and forced me to restart my account
Wondering why I didn't have this year's ago
Im unable to delete my recent numbers on the history list,please fix
I've been a long time signal user and have it set as my main messaging app. It's really disappointing seeing them take a step backward by removing SMS messaging. RIP to the end of an era
Performs as it always has
Mytouch 3G . Let's me receive messages but not reply ?? Keeps saying message could not be sent.. needs to be fixed !
The new layout update on mobile is so much more difficult to navigate. It's ugly, and I'm unable to have multiple conversations like I could before because switching between chats takes forever. I love this app and I use it all the time, but the new layout is horrible.
Hello folks! Here is an excellent example of a frustrating, non-responsive, highly worthless free phone app. Well, I guess you get what you pay for. Meanwhile, the developers should take their day jobs more seriously, and let the experts handle the free phone apps from now on.
notification never go through
The login tokens needs to be secured
Terrible app. I had been using the app for a year without any issues till yesterday. I used it mostly to receive text messages. I went to purchase a SIM card to add a plan and my account and phone number were revoked. I messaged TextNow on messenger since customer support does not exifor help and explanation. I was sent the agreement terms. No idea what I did wrong. They have complicated my life since I was using the number as a second line.😡 Sad. This app had potential.
On my Samsung I can't delete a message I post, but it looks like iphone users can. Why is that?
LOTS OF ADS w/FREE EDITION! ALMOST AN UNBEARING AMOUNT OF THEM! BEWARE! Then, you have to be online in order tl save contacts to the phone even if you're using this app and nøt android or ios contacts app. Pain, I know! At least I found his out so I could tell the world so they know cuz the app døn't tell you this timy tidbit of information! How rude! Other than those 2 things, nothing 2complain about, really. 💵🅰💴
No 911. So unsafe. Had emergency other day and couldn't get help, luckily no one got hurt but they could have. Shame on you for making people pay to use emergency services.
Great app for group sharing!!
I miss features of previous versions, but it's good enough for quick meetings and calls.
Great app! I use it to keep in touch with my friends. However, calls cut out often.
App is a good concept but it is constantly missing messages being sent by both Android and iPhone users. This has been on going for years please fix already. Edit as of 11/28/18 app is borderline unusable on the Google pixel 2, the flagship phone for Google, the owner of Android... What a joke, only reason I haven't uninstalled is because it's the application my friends decided to use. The half of the messages that come through don't even get received until the user manually refreshes, EACH AND EVERY GROUP CHAT
This is very good I love that I can make new friends find out their personality and make groups for rpsw
Everytime my verification times out,IT DOESNT LET ME TYPE IT AGAIN,Please fix this problem.
My skype name automatically appeard different letters ,how can I change ? When I tap Skyp name that shows only copy option ?how can I short that name ?
The app is quite good. But it has some issues like it takes a lot time to save profile changes. And also the app stops responding when you suddenly get a lot of messages
Shambles, cant verify number and charges you international rates to send a text message that doesnt work. Avoid.
I just started using it and I like it so far.
Don't try to get technical help because it doesn't exist. For some reason my phone number no longer works and I've been paying for this number for the last 15 years. But I can't seem to understand why it's no longer available to me. Skype has no way of being able to help you other than sticking you in some kind of and wasting my valuable time. Incredibly poor customer service
Update 9-14-23: calling is the worst!! Never lasts more then a minute before reconnecting or hanging up, and have to switch to regular phone. Should sacrifice this and bring back SMS support. Old review: removing support for SMS messaging is lame it was one of the main reasons I was trying to get people to convert over cuz they could do both similar to like iMessage having two messaging apps such a pain. copping out with the response that it's hard to support and people were getting confused
This app works well for a cohort of 20+ students who need to communicate about online coursework.
This app is quite good but still missing some features & facilities, also there are some glitch. 1. We are unable to send a file or media of big size. 2. Sometimes it's shows "Message not sent" & it's usual. 3. Archived chats get Revealed when there's a new message. 4. There's no option to clear the whole chat at same time than to delete it. Edit: 09.07.2023 Sometime it's shows that the microphone is on in background even if I'm not using Signal at that time.
I've had it for a year now
Signal is reliable, secure and trouble free.
Hands a bit.
Functions as a good forum, good luck searching for specific posts or something posted years ago.
it's great when it wants to work like it should
I love Discord but this Android app is uneccessarily slow, sluggish, buggy and has a complex UI. Also the app size is pretty darn large for a mobile chat app. There's also the new logo, font and color redesign which is basically speaking terrible.
Best App Ever thanks
It's Good!
The fixed portrait perspective and errors sending images via non-Wifi connections make newer services like Signal far more appealing.
can't download and very bad
Skype used to have it. Please bring it back
Great but... for an app allegedly designed by people like me. How dare you not let me move it to my SD card. I know that's an option you have the power to change easily. There's no excuse for this.
You don't get notifications IF YOU HAVE THE APP IN A FOLDER. So inconvenient and dumb. Wasn't getting any notifications. Deleted the app. Reinstalled. Checked my settings. Nothing. Took the app out of a folder and immediately was receiving them. Please fix this flaw.
Great messaging app and a good sense of security on top of it
No problems . Good phone texts great . Very cool. ❄️
Free with donations available, very responsive and easy to use, open source, end to end encrypted, and has video/voice call. What more can I ask for?
I wouldn't give this full star because of glitches YOU SHOULD FIGURE OUT AND FIX IT
I'm using I'll wise 🦉❣️ so nice SIM
Calls break up real bad
Great private messaging app!
Was a good ap. Not sure what the fk happened to it now. Won't allow me to make a phone call. Says I need to allow a million permissions and it still won't make a call. Trash.
Very accessible and convenient
Over all good service
I can call , receive calls, n text fine.  However, when call is completed, I have to restart my phone to disconnect.
Really nice, the only problem i had with it is that when my phone died, i lost all chats i had because to migrate them from one phone to another, you require access to the previous phone which was dead as a brick
Unreliable glitchy
I was happy at first with the new update yesterday but when I went to use it today all it says is loading. Please fix. Thank you
While i like the new updates, the new UI sucked and you can't even switch back to the older UI, i would really prefer having the ability to switch back to the older UI, the extra step required to just use a certain feature make it really difficult to do normal task like checking member list, also swipe to reply is inresponsive sometime and hold to reply just feel better, i think the updated UI could've been done better or asleast gave us the option to switch back to the older UI
New update has absolutely killed this app. It's so slow and buggy and I have to wait 10 seconds for it to switch between servers and messages and I'm honestly thinking about uninstalling it and moving my server to patreon or something cause this is absolutely useless and bad for my brand.
Static and cuts service in and out and very slow with sending and receiving texts.
In my opinion it's a great app, I get to talk to all my friends from real life and from online.
Its really slow recieving text.
New update looks very bad and is hard to navigate, would perfer the old version back
It so fun to talk to new people
Love being able to connect with a group of people who are like minded and share interests.
Working good so far.
Inoperable - horrible menu, basics, basics, just get basics. The app doesn't work, and I'm not a free user.
Nice try d*ckheads. Delete this review too you c*nts
This app is trash the app doesn't even show what texts or calls the vim's are even bad than phone and messages but yea y'all trash🙄
texting part is good Beside missed messages after a long time of not using the app ,wish you can customize a theme for it , I wish the calling feature can be improved to
Can't send or receive texts.
I was excited about this app and the cool features that arent avail on Pinger textfree... and i really wanted to like it ...but.... I understand having ads. I really really do... but do they have to pop up over where you are trying to type so you cant see or move the curser? I guess its a clever tactic to get you to click the ad by mistake and gain more revenue but it also impedes the main purpose and funtionality of the app.... and it's just annoying af. Back to Pinger for me.
Previous version was so much better 😞
It's really great the connection is very good and it doesn't waste time
So far this is a dud. There is no app icon so I can only use it from Google Play
not FREE if you have to BUY CREDITS
I like It I met new people and explored new servers if there was ten stars I'd put ten so yeah its gud
Huge help when traveling with a group.
Bing on Skype is incredibly irritating
Signal removing SMS support is the single worst decision they could make. Now, many of my contacts will no longer use signal and benefit from encrypted messaging. And I can no longer recommend signal to non-technical users who don't understand the difference between SMS and Internet-based messages. Very disappointing to see them focusing efforts on adding an unnecessary mobile coin wallet and removing core functionality.
Your services on mobile are very poor, the text is always glitching and it's Frankly annoying. Do better, Skype😡😡
I want to change my subscription but have been unable to access my account. Sent an email to support but never got a reply!
Great communcation app.
Most of the time it won't load and doesn't notify me when someone sends a message
was good until it wwomt let me sign in now what'd up with that please let me know
This app is pretty good. But, there re a lot of problems. #1 it kills your battery #2 it is complicated to set up. If you are a person who gets confused it may take you a lot of time to set group me up. #3 it is not user friendly, along with the setting up, this app always seems to "reset" every time you look at a attachment in one of your chats.   Over all it is a pretty good app for communicating with a group of people. There are just minor navigational and set up complaints about this application.
I want you add the people
Very useless app you can't even register
Okay, first of all. I love this app I love talking to all of my friends but now I can't send any pictures to any of my friends or servers and all you say is to "update to the new version" or "restart your device" when I've done both. Please fix this problem with the Android users. I'm sick of it and I'm done. I want to send photos and not stare at a red message the whole time. Fix it.
Just started using it . But like it a lot
Worst app
Don't let my calls ring
Calls are impossible. Constently dropped. Talking on "speaker" was just my volume on high.
The new update is not allowing me to log in! I'm getting the same message repeatedly saying my password is incorrect.  I've reset my password and tried logging back in several times and still receiving the same error message! I need assistance with my account!
lately it has been difficult to get messages to send; i have to close and reopen the app multiple times, like it isn't synced and refuses to connect.
This app has been an absolute life saver multiple times in my life. The ads get a little annoying after each phone call and after some texts and they've even came right in the middle of calls causing me to lose them ...but it's worth it for the free calls and texts. My phone broke this week and this has been my tablet go to until I get it and I am so very thankful for this app!!
My Family makes me use tbis crap. It doesn't do anything that the regular messanger does not, except that there is no indication on the main icon of new messages being present. It also sucks at sending pictures. It usually fails and I end up using diccerent app to send the pics.
Cannot make a call
It was hard to find the group, luckily I knew someone personally in the group. and he invited me
Love but i need to fing gifs quicker
Sigh... was okay, but now has changed how link sharing workd... no confirmation anymore, so far too easy to send link to wring contact or confirmation... ui experience of new skype always seem to find new ways to suck...
Come on, Discord. What is this update? The bottom panel is so convoluted with buttons, the idea of swiping up a panel full of buttons from video, voice, chat, etc, only for it to open the CHAT is such poor UX. Make each button swipeable: swiping up on the video opens the video settings and so on. Did you even user test this? Please use your own app, ask your staff. Edit: UX is getting there with the new update. At least when you swipe up it opens the voice channel settings. Just very buggy.
All the channels have disappeared besides one. Bug has been going on for a while. I have to constantly clear cache in discord settings for all the channels to show up. I do this at least 10 times a day. It's very frustrating. Not only one having issue. Several people on Reddit have mentioned this as well. Only happens on mobile app, PC works fine.
On the discord app on the phone, it will not let me change to speaker when on voice chat. I've looked through all my voice settings, changed everything, and still doesn't work
Very Frustrated!!! I installed it, now it wants my email address and password then it just freezes on that screen. There is a help with password option that says it will send to your email and I NEVER receive anything! My whole management staff is on it and uses ot to communicate and here I am, odd woman out!
Hi, I was satisfied with this program some time ago, but I am not now. I am not in Canada or the United States, and I can no longer use your program in Telegram for my work. Please make it in the next update so that my students and I can use it.
garbage on the phone, my phone is S22+, no way it's my phone
Because this perfect 🥰 💞 👌 😍
Pretty good so far
Great,better than most....
Allows me to stay in touch with family and friends.
Whenever I try to change my server profile it doesn't save, I've pressed the save button multiple times and it still doesn't save. And the app has been very laggy lately.
Good app just need to make it to send mms
It's a nice not complicated app to text friends or join your favourite YouTubers server.
It's a good app but it have ads I hate ads
Video doesnt work Hasnt worked in weeks despite updsting the app, udpating the phone, using another phone, and even on the laptop
Using this app after ages and feeling nostalgic ... I must say it's incredibly awesome
BAD NEW MOBILE UPDATE Why was this added? There was no need for it. It's hard as a user to navigate, and it takes more clicks to get to previously easy-to-access settings such as account settings & custom status and member lists. Ridiculous!
I have to give this the poor rating now since they dropped SMS. Well it's nice to encourage other users switch, don't put the burden on us to make everybody else switch. A lot of the messages coming in are basically informational SMS messages of renewals, Banks or credit alerts, and don't contain personal data. They are not going to change to signal. Signal, you go after them to switch don't put the burden on us. You could easily label to alert messages that are SMS or unsecured messages better.
I'm not sure I'm right but when I connect with my Bluetooth headphones I seem to hear my own voice in the voice call. But the problem goes away when I use only the wired connection.
Boycott 🤬🤬🤬
I'd like it to try this app!!!
This app had worked perfectly fine at first but now It won't let me send any GIF to anyone at all (this may be a bug that only I am having)
Used to love it, but the new ui sucks
Sorry for the late feedback I was able to log in but the next day someone tried to hacked me so I change my password
Having trouble with the notifications, but a good app for group messeging.
The new layout is a ui nightmare and should have never been introduced
Please bring back old UI
App is still unstable however you could get out of the choppiness probably would be a very useful app
Why don't I get notify until I open my messages, even after the notification is turned on? I need this to be solved
We stay connected with group me, it's wonderful
This app will not do anything for me thank you
I'd give this app 5 stars except that it doesn't seem to remember/care that I told it I don't want picture-in-picture enabled. About once a week or so, it pops up a message asking me if I want to enable it. I've already said "no" to this feature so it should stop asking me again. If I want to use it, I'll go into the app settings and enable it myself. If they can fix this annoying user interaction issue I'll change my rating.
Doesn't work half time and pay for the monthly fee
Won't let me login via facebook
Really not bad but need to improve some function.
Delayed messages by days
I am only using this app until I can get a real phone number. It's infuriating to use constantly delaying and if someone tries to call me and I hit "answer" like a thousand times before it actually answers. And the call itself is garbage. Half the time they can't hear me and the other half it drops the call. And I realize that these types if apps need to have ads but these ads take up HALF THE SCREEN. I can't even see my texts because the giant ad covers it. I despise this app.
UI is extremely cumbersome and overall less functional. Revert the swipe changes at least...
Before it was not too bad, now this app is terrible, and if you contact support they asked to uninstall and reinstall but even then won't work I called just now 3 different numbers and they can't hear me or it disconnected right after they pick up. So I had to use a landline to call I'm giving two star cause I. Can text but not too sure if they are receiving my text, and now I'm paying weekly cause unfortunately this number is the one I had list for verification and they send me codes to it so.
It keeps me in touch with the people I love ❤️ mainly GOD ♥️ ❤️ 💕
Discord has been a great communication platform, and no problems happened to me, no bugs or anything. If you'd like to chat with anyone, this is the best app you could use. And voice chat or share your screen. I suggest you use this app. This is so incredible! I love this app, and I've been using it for years. 100% recommended.
This is a very good app have it seems to get ahold of people on this app
It says free but doesn't let you look at text unless you upgrade lol IT DOESNT GET ANYNORE RIDICULOUS. Idk who would even want to support this app
Love it so much fun 💕 💗
From 5 to 1 stars. I was able to get some of my circle into signal since they could just replace sms. They never really rev knew it was a different app. Now signal had just made it's self redundant to other apps that we already use. I see more users dropping it, I will likely as well. Today was the first time I opened signal in over a month and it was just to clear a duplicate message. Stories is just dumb and I have disabled it.
I've been using text now for years now and I've never had a problem until now, I own my # and I always logged in with FB and someone changed my login info and now it won't open what do I do
Still learning how to use it but like that it keeps all conversations in one place.
It's great for free over wifi, but DO NOT, I repeat, do not get the Sim card and pay for the "monthly plan". They claim you get unlimited free calls and texts for the month and then you choose a plan to add data. But if you go over, say, the 2 or 3GB you purchased, they will also suspend your ability to make calls and texts. So I only used my "service" for about a week until they suspended my account and i could no longer even make calls or texts. False advertising, scam artists!
No customer privacy or confidentiality. Devs don't have a way to secure or encrypt communications. Joke of an app.
All of a sudden after 18 months on THIS PHONE I cannot send texts to the USA but can receive them. What is the problem??? The problem solved itself after about a week BUT now I have the problem with all pictures and videos?? Have had it for SIX DAYS!!
Thanks for giving me a nice childhood.
The UI of the mobile app has been updated and I'm much more happy with it thus far!!
i love using discord, its overall the app i use most other than tikok, but i keep being unable to change anything on my profile on mobile no matter what i do, i have nothing else to change it from, ive reinstalled it but nothing helps, how do i fix this?
Very slow app
I guess under the hood functionality still suits my needs but i now have to click several windows to get all the same info i had by default in the previous app version. Not a fan of the ux.
I'm new and don't exactly know what to do, but ima make a go of it! Love you, human beings!
You know when they say if something is not broken don't fix it? This is literally how the latest UI update for mobile is. The layout is just rubbish, why did you change it. In a way though I must thank you because I'm spending less time on the discord app on my phone thanks to the new horrid layout. Edit: responding to the article, I understand this might be better fo mobile layout but the problem is, it feels clunkier than the previous design. 2nd edit: nah, still rubbish. Admit it's rubbish :)
Omfg this app is like all the rest ! Nothing special about it. But it does come in handy when ur phone gets shut D :P
I was never able to sign in. Always gave unexpected error at sign in or incorrect password. Reset password link never worked
Can't delete unknown people and only works once in a while.
Good stuff
I cant get it to download
This app just sucks. If it's not annoying you non-stop to "BUY NITRO!", it's having trouble doing super simple things like display an image correctly. I hate it, and cannot wait for everybody to see how terrible it really is so it finally dies.
I hate it
The new UI is utterly horrible. The layout is incredibly unintuitive compared to a previous layout that worked perfectly fine, and several features are cut down or ruined.
Don't use whatsapp use signal.It protects privacy
it isnt letting me type i have to completley exit discord about 30 times before it might workand it also isnt letting me unfriend nore join my friends call.
please put the layout back or give us an option to put the layout back. I'm crying tears of blood.
Ok for video calling and messaging but nobody uses it these days because of other ways of chatting. Bring back msn chat days and the old way of finding new friends nearby and across the world!
As good as any message app.
The latest mobile update has made the app clunky, and cumbersome to navigate, especially during voice calls.
settings. The option is no longer there. Now there is a huge stiffens
I wouldn't even give it a star, if I had the choice. You don't earn minutes watching videos like you're supposed to!!!!
Ita useful but it told me to add a email i had already did and told me it was registered and told to verify it can you fix my glitch pls
great free app
The safer option
call audio while playing music is broken. monor ui glitches
Hate the new app. Sucks booty cheeks
Isn't giving me notifications and is glitching out sometimes. Please fix this
Used to love groupme but recently messages have been coming in hours let
The worst app and support ever
my galaxy s8, exynos, android 7.0, gets too hot when i'm using skype!!!!! , i have the problem just with this app!, after about 5 min video call it gets too hot, please fix this problem, thanks
Totally worst app in world
A bug fix needs to be done it will not let me delete my conversations it will give a error i have the last update
I like this app but it doesn't allow me to call people or it doesn't allow me to send pictures or recive pictures from other people and it doesn't allow me to have chatheads so can u add chat heads and fix all this issues pls
it would be better if it wasn't so slow, often sends the wrong message, no editing available
Notifications rarely show up promptly.
I enjoy using ur app bcz u don't have to be using a text free app nd then have no minutes to call out
It was fun
Wish the app wasn't so clumsy. I lost an important contact because of it.
Forced update 🤡
New UI is slow and buggy. Changes for the sake of changes that lessen the experience of the application.
I use this app daily. Has many errors. For example, when I video call somebody, there is ringing. Often, like for 30% of calls, the ringing does not stop after the other person answers, we start discussing, but the ringing is going on. I need to cancel the call, and call again.
I have my headphones hooked up to my phone currently but the other people are not able to hear me in vc with my head phones on I don't know what to do
O have ttcg
I really enjoy playing arena breakout It has nice graphics as well as game have its own vibe to play with other players....i really enjoy playing
So far so good. I had a problem with my texts being read by third parties on the last app so I hope that's not the case in this app. Update: I keep seeing nazi ads o-O. Why would they allow these in this app?
the interface changes are a straight up dumpster fire.
Ok so I've had the app for awhile already and I love it. But today for some reason it stopped working I can no longer send text or make phone calls. I have uninstalled and reinstalled. I have done everything I can think of but nothing has fixed the problem. It is also doing the same thing on another device I have. I really like this app so if I could get a response on how to fix the problem. I'll be more then happy to give 5 stars after it starts working properly again
This sucks
It works phone call text
thumbs up calls suck!!! Edit 4/4/2020- CALLS STILL SUCK!!!
The texting works great,  but I am not able to receive any promotional minutes. I have contacted the company and all they tell me is that I have received minutes, but nothing appears on my account.
This app has impressed me from day one and improving continuously overtime. The negative comments don't make sense to me, it's free for starters and I'm happy to get what I payed for so with this app it has excelled beyond expectations for the price. I've payed in the past for alternatives that are terrible so keep up the good work guys, you're doing great and you don't get enough positive feedback for some unknown reason.
used for over 10 yrs and have referred to many people who have enjoyed the app and it has been a life saver for the family. highly recommend it to anyone that needs a good app that you can depend on.
Must not really care, who is on this app,, get a lor of scam and hookup girls on here
audio quality is really good
4.99 $ a month A foolish friend told me of this wonderful free service I guess you can use it for a month free
Lot of memory holes. Runs like molasses.
Why can't I add some of my friends from contact list to group chat even though they have groupme account?
I have to refresh the app to get new txts and it doesnt lete send pictures please fix
The App Is still good as before not this update.Every time i join a server it says the server is closed even though its new made
This helps me call teachers
good, could use some other opt.s
I just think it Weird you call peolpe you dont know and you text them i dont like it at all :] thats all
Always lagging or crashing with late replies and poor connections quality and dependability.
I think it's great
i like this app its great
App auto deleted my account. I reestablished the account. Now can't get into the group I was in before... This is more of a pain than benefit.
When I try to save posted images I get a message "Could not save image. No SD card available." But the SD card is available because the app is stored on the external card. Other than that the app works ok.
Not getting the app to work.
I can't download it to my tablet... its an android... it keeps saying error 961...idk what that means???
In all its good BUT it keeps not sending my messages when I send it even tho my internet is working fine
Even with Wi-Fi the signal isn't very good. The signals always cutting in and out!!
The app is good but everytime I enter a game my phone just starts bugging out by going black then going back to normal but goes black again in less than a second.
i enjoy this app but this app have a soo manyy bugs .... so i deleted this app fkk off
Good app but it hangs very much in sending message
Can someone tell me how to get past the verify phone number screen? It wont allow me to join.
I always have to call back. When I press the ANSWER button, it just rings.
This app has tons of bugs and my messages are on a huge delay.
Asking for payment when I have an Office 365 subscription.
Ugeley has a good signal.
For a week or so I cannot download files sent to me on my Samsung 10. Never had problems before
It's a good app and works Everytime but it lags alot and freezes alot when u try to make a text or a call and for the longest time I couldn't get the speaker phone to work but it works now jus choppy when talking to people. Fix dat shyt! Lol
Puts all the custom emojis (from servers) that you cannot use without payed account rigth in front of all other emojis. And no ability to disable them. Need to scroll every time. Otherwise great app.
New update not that good
It said it had free calling
Keeps me in the know😊
Now you have to pay to get verification codes 😒
Revised rating after dropping sms support
Can't send images on your phone amymore
Good app. But the update made the background darker, either black or white. No between unless you pay. Pretty frustrating actually
Outstanding! No hacking, no tracking, no fake messages.
Microsoft make it frist communicate apps
It didn't work I tried using it for a code and it didn't work so didn't work for a single use
with the new version or whatever it freezes every time I opened the application...
Got some spam (sex sale) somehow within a group.
Great way to communicate with classmates or other employees
I purchased Skype credit several times and it still does not show on my credit balance and I cannot make calls!This is unacceptable!
I haven't got any call or text service cuz it's to expensive and I REALLY REALLY hope this works
Hangs up randomly on both accounts on several of my devices. Just randomly in calls or if I open camera apps anything etc didn't used to do now does very frequent
There should be a way too Delete Conversation, Or Clear Both Chat it's Very important you guys need too work on that
This has to be the worst app ever. The video Ads that play 24/7 under your text are bigger than your text box. Not to mention the lag, just to tap on one contact takes roughly 30 seconds and I'm using a different phone now with the same app, but nothing has changed. This has to be the worst texting app in history
Okay so it's okay but please allow us to have the old layout better.. Please. I hate the new one why did yall have to change it
Literally freezes slot but it's a grra way to keep in touch with others
Why does it lags like anything! Other call and message apps work like a charm and also why does the whole app open while receiving a call . Only shows the caller id after 10 seconds of the call
Shockingly slow with no signs of improvement in years. Almost all of the recent comments are one star and talk of poor performance. This hasn't changed in years and in 2024 is honestly unacceptable. Button response time is measured in seconds, UI elements get stuck with blank areas while the elements play catch up. Just genuinely unpleasant to use. Even using the Android keyboard has unnecessary input delay on the app, making spelling errors and mistakes a common occurrence. Fix it!
This app is TRASH. It won't let me register, I have tried SO MANY METHODS ON HOW TO REGISTER BUT STILL WONT WORK!
Group call automatically disconnected in mobile skype. Very bad experience.
This place is nothing but fake people and y'all do nothing to control and everybody I talk to hear is not real I can promise you that this is a place for fake people to come from Tik-Tok to scam people and y'all do nothing to control fake people here
Sort of gets the job done but crashes a lot and has fair UI at best. Menus kind of hide functionality, but what can you do? Everyone uses it.
I want last see in this app
I can't get into my account due to me losing my phone attached to it, and there's no email on it so I basically lost my entire account
It doesn't function properly and have to keep verifying my pin number randomly
Needs more free mnutes. Its too bad that you cann not have free phone functions like calling or texting
It's good app but I am facing problem when some one text me it dont notify me every time.
Very good app but i have a lot of problem but it's ok
I have been using Discord for many years and it has been great until this newest update which removes swiping between DMs, servers and server members. So now I have to click different buttons instead of a very useful swiping ability, which was seamless. Not a big fan.
It's okay but the problem is that you don't have internet every where you go. I thought that what this app was for. For calling and texting everywhere.  You should make a change to that.
The android skype app does not work on Chrome OS. On my phone the UI is a bit confusing.
Been using since day 1 release on both PC and mobile. As well as using Canary. You want organization and a place your your friends? Literally nothing better out there. I couldn't ask for a better app.
Can you make calls to mexico...like international calls
(changed from 5 stars to 1) These new layout changes for mobile is absolutely terrible, it's hard to switch between chats, it's not pleasing to the eyes, it doesn't do anything but make the app harder to use. It also won't even let me into the app. This app has gotten worse and worse, hopefully you will come to your senses and at least give us an option to change the layout. Not to mention that I get kicked out of calls when I play games with my friends. This is utterly ridiculous and annoying.
It was great but now I cant even open the app. It instantly flickers when attempting to open then nothing. It doesnt even open now. I've completed two updates since this 1st started. Uninstalling now.
New update is terrible. UI loads so much slower, and I've gotten multiple glitches from messages not loading, seeing streams is apparently impossible and half the UI is hanging off the screen
if u need a calling number here you go
This app is a buggy mess. It constantly marks messages as read when I haven't even opened the app.
Never ended up using so not fair to ho higher than 3 stars.
Hate the new UI. Especially how you have to click the search button to see the current online friends in a server. Please revert it so I can slide to view current members in the server again.
I just feel more safe on this app Messaging people I know a lot of girls prefer using it
Update: after seeing that Signal will no longer permit non Signal users from receiving texts from me anymore, looks like it is time to say goodbye to Signal.
Not easy to follow
I got this app bought the 100 minutes for 1.99 and it took the money but never gave me the minutes very disappointed you should try to make sure you figure this out before more people buy minutes and not receive them
The new ui is a downgrade. Huge step back.
since last month avatar image are not showing, I tried clear cache & data still not solving. and 'connecting' when opening app first time usually takes forever..
Lack of SMS support
you need someone added or you need to be in the same server to talk to someone, one of my friends sent me a dm at 4:22am, he has mental issues, he unfriended everyone and i had no other way to contact him, he sent a message saying that he was a burden to everyone, it broke my heart. Its been almost half a day since i sent him a friend request, please remove that feature, i do not wanna lose any more friends, i contacted his other friends, still no luck.
This app used to be alright but now it disgust me on how it's ran ADS IN THE MIDDLE OF MY PHONE CALLS UNLESS I SUBSCRIBE !!!!!!!!HOW USELESS RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL CAN YOU BE SERIOUSLY WHAT IF SOMEONE IS TRYING TO SAY IM DYING???????? COME ON BUNCH OF CHEAP SCAM ARTIST SHAME ON YOU WHO EVER ADDED THE ADS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE CALLS SHAME
the slowest app ever!
It's a pain because the call glitches and says low internet connection and that's a lie.
drops calls often
It performs slow and anytime mircophone on and off automatically and responds very slow..
The new update sucks, all the old messages have the wrong dates.  I cant refresh the page.  The new update alround sucks.
Horrible mobile UX. Can't understand how it could ever be approved by someone at Microsoft.
U can't even calll!
Don't like it n I want it off of my phone
New UI is a pain to learn, but it has also come with a whole lot of problems that annoy the hell out of me. Voice Chat seems to freak out every now and then, especially on consoles. Discord itself doesn't load properly when I open it, either taking a minute or needing several restarts. Channels seem to glitch and only show me one specific channel, even in other servers. I keep getting notifications for channels that have no new messages.
This App Is Garbage!! They show adds everytime you send a message and its supper annoying. They make it hard to X out of it. They also try to track everything on your phone and is not conpatibale with vpn it will not let you make a phine call if you have one of these services and I am serious there are thousands of attempts to track everything you do. Do not download this app it is a spying service fyi! These people should be in prison.
It doesn't allow me to verify my email and I can't find any help on my problem
I don't know why but messeges send very late
I used to have no issue getting two step verification texts until like 2 weeks ago. No I'm unable to login to my company portal to input my hours
Calls are not free which is so obviously stated. Please don't false advertise.
I cant reach any one and I can't call anyone
very good I tell all my friends about TextNow.
Fast and every message is clear and it's faster than the other ones
First of all the two nitros are stupid, have one for a reasonable price (10$ and under a month) it's stupid to have 2 especially when no one gets the cheapest version. Second the mobile app is so buggy, the call cut off when you leave the app sometimes and restarts the app. Lastly the desktop one does not have the start a new line feature when using slash commands, so I'm forced to use my phone for that. Not to mention the privacy issues of your account not really deleting messages once deleted.
like a second and the app takes me down a whole miniute.
its aight LMAO
It's been very informative and helpful
Bunch of card collectors or scams
I just downloaded the new update and the app keeps crashing! Tf⁉️ The devs need to fix their sheet and stop blaming the users/community for a software based issue that's clearly on their end. So lazy🙄😒
I love discord and use it all the time...but this new update is not it. The layout is completely different and isn't enjoyable. Whenever I accidentally swipe on a message I reply to it and it is very annoying. Pls return it back to its original layout!!!
Don't waste your time. The app doesn't allow you to receive text messages
Your app always glitches and hangs up on me in the middle of a call. This is the only app I use to make phone calls with and I've been using this app for years. This needs to be fixed ASAP
It keeps signing me out on my laptop
app helped me in many ways I never stopped using this app for years free and can change your number and help you like it did me trust worthy app 😊
I wish I never updated this app. Videos dont play more often than not and ive had the UI totally glitch out on me randomly causing me to restart the app. It worked totally fine before the UI overhaul now things choose when they want to work it seems
I recently updated the app and now it says it has stopped working for no sudden reason and i dont know why . Ive been using this app alot but now its suddenly off point now. Then i had to uninstall then install the app again and its totally diffrerent from what i knew discord to be, its good but still feels somehow so ill give it 3stars for the app not working even tho i updated it so i had to uninstall and install back
Works great for ios, not so much android. Please close the gap! For example, android users can't send videos over 30 seconds but ios users can :/
The application is up-to-date. I have good signal strength. Call connects, 30 seconds later call disconnect. This happens every time
Worst calling app ever. Every call breaks up and you have to guess at what the other person is saying and it's like that both ways you hardly ever get a completed call because it will disconnect randomly
Really don't like the new layout, it's become less user friendly, hard to navigate, can't see who's online, why was it changed?
Update 4: new spam call every hour or more. Update 3: Still inundated with spam calls. Update 2: Months later, incoming calls STILL aren't ringing through to devices. I'd hate to rely on this. And I'm PAYING for this thing. Update: Incoming calls often don't ring at all, on ANY device. Original: Doesn't ring on all devices, doesn't always notify for messages, and I get **CONSTANT** spam/nobody calls at all hours of the day and night. Needs a "call whitelist" feature. Audio feeds back on calls.
GREAT APP!!! if you want to scream and throw your phone because of how many ads there are. Not even counting the amazing spam you get ... 24-7.  I mean you'll love it; if you enjoy trying to click a message but a ad "magically" popping up. I mean, every time I get on the ads move to what I'm about to click on. The ONLY reason I have it is to talk to my wifiless friend.
This app is ok but when u delete it you can't get ur old number without ur old google account and ads can be a bit much at some points
A very good app but can have connections issues on mobile
I can't save or post media because the app says that there's no SD card available, but the app is downloaded to the SD card. Other than that, fine app.
I love this app! The only problem is that it will get a little glichy once and a while, but you can easliy sign off and get back on.
Guys don't use discord its full of bots. I just login into my account and update number before they let me into discord app . Discord straight away blocked me for messages that i didn't even send before even i logged in?? If i didn't logged in then how come i send messages. I hope discord get blocked on playstore as they did to me without my consent and knowledge even after i tell them i didn't send spam messages.
Delays in sending and receiving texts. Calls hardly ever ring through to me . Mostly I just get missed call notifications and all calls get dropped or cut out so bad you really cannot hear the other person. This is with a full signal, beside the router or anywhere. Tried this app on a couple different phones.
Crashes any time I try to open a chat on my s8. Hasn't worked in months.
You guys sold yourselves up! I can't believe you guys are stopping support for SMS. There are people that simply won't sign up to your app, but changing between apps in order to text? I think you guys shot yourself in the foot.
It worked for a couple days and then everytime I open it it closes immediately. Calls keep dropping. Do not recommend.
App says rate, I listen to get rid of the message. 3 stars.
Repeatedly recieving emails about losing my number. I just used it yesterday!
Decent enough
Alright for no
It's getting easier for me to understand what you are, what you are 5, and I will be...
I wanted to see if the interface was as bad as people have said. It is. You have to put more effort into navigation than before, disrupting any flow you get yourself in. Not being able to leave the app outside of a server is a big issue. Bring back the area with both message and server list in one place. Let me swipe right to see who is online. Having to click the channel name for this is really disrupting and distracting. Worst update in a long time.
Secure and easy to use ... edit feature should be added.
It is a great app that I get a phone number for free but there is a problem I didn't verify my discord email and now I have to pay just for to receive the code for signing in for the account Now I have to do more work for like 3 more days and wait for a credit card 💳 Please remove the lock your number thing so I don't have to pay just to sign in to a account thank you
When I'm registering and add my number he does send me message code 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😔😔😔😔😔😔😔😡 im tired
This new discord update with the usernames is absolutely horrible I love the #0000 at the ends of people's usernames it's what made it special!!?? Everytime I update discord it gets worse. The new update has been making my phone lag horribly!! They won't ever get rid of it either. This is bullcrap.
Video quality is low comparable to Zoom app
laged the whole time i had it
Tried to change my number. I called one of my contacts and the whole app
I do like it but i dont like the fact that it needs to be on wifi i thinks that's stupid but this is a good app but pls make it to where we can call and text off wifi because when i get home from shcool i need to call or text my mom telling her that i am on my way home and so that she can have the door open for when i get home. And thats is all i have to say.
It's okay but not as fast as I need
Hey discord staff! I recently updated my app and noticed that the timestamps on messages no longer matches with my system preference (24-hour), is this a bug or a feature? Regardless I'd rather have the option between the 2 rather than being stuck with 12-hour time. Another thing is the animation for when you press on a reply, it sucks up battery life. Is there a way to revert it to the old one where it just jumps to the message instead of scrolls? Thanks for reading! Sincerely.
Fix your app. Account transfer doesn't work properly and when I enter in my phone number texts aren't getting sent. Fix it.
It's a good app to use but when in call with people on my computer the website crashes every few hours so I have to restart it and join back into the call which is irritating. It's been going on for months and every website on my computer has never acted like this so I know it's Discord.
Hi I did all the instructions on your website but I can't receive verification code. Please help...
Still learning.
Text now is always there when I need it!
It sucks in landscape mode
Good to connect a group, no ads.
Discord is really on of those must have apps. Really fun to use with friends and it's really easy to use as well.
Great app, but theres this problem when sending voice messages where even if you stop holding the icon it continues recording audio
I can talk to my mom when she is at work. I like it but sometimes in gets a little laggy but it fixes in a few seconds. But overall I love this app.
I can't do nothing I get in for 30 seconds then it freeze I just downloaded it to talk to someone and can't even do that
Please Add RCS messaging features
Works good. Semi laggy at times.
It's a great app to use with your family and friends although its hard to move around with the controls tho
I do not like the UI update. Old is better. Change it back please.
There is no last see
I try to open the app and have to try several times before it will open. Please fix this, and I'll give five stars.
I'm disappointed they are stopping sms support. I will discontinue use of it and stop recommending it to my friends and relatives.
Every single employee and lead that I met were so nice and made me feel very welcome!! I really enjoyed it! Marinette Hart, thank you for referring me! You rock!!!
New update is worse for navigating servers and has quite a few glitches, I think the previous version was better.
Nothing but scammers on this app trying to get you to send them money 🤣
Cool
The new discord feature of people having unique names is just dumb.
So, I use this app daily and usually have no problems with it besides the usual shutdowns in the past. But, I use mobile lots and there's a bug with the decoration tab. I can't change or save any decorations because the save button for it is... off screen. I'm literally unable to click it. The text of the "Change Decoration" is so big that it's pushing the save button off screen. I tried reinstalling the app, logging out and making the text/font smaller, but nothing is working.
It was easy to download
the best free phone app ever
Very bad audio and droped calls and has a mind of its own
I like the privacy.
Haven't received my Sim card I purchased weeks ago even though the app is telling me to activate it today. What the heck? I want my money back
intersting
Terrible UI change, convoluted!
It is a great way of connecting with your friends
It's great to be able to have all at once ur friends in one chat room
Great app but a pity that Signal is killing SMS integration. By default in Canada I assume I am sending an SMS. When sent through Signal often the message resolved as a Signal message, encrypted - WIN! Now I will send an SMS by the default Android app and never know if the recipient has signal... Shame!
There is a loud ping noise whe. there is noise in the background
SO TERRIBLE!!! I can't rven make calls out! It just hangs up after 25-30 seconds!! Not cool!!! 👎
Good for second line.
We are waiting for Bluetooth support!
This latest update is absolutely horrible. There is a delay now when opening channels, I can't tell when people message me directly because of the new tab structure on the bottom, I constantly have to force close the app then relaunch it in order to even see some of my servers and channels because the app isn't correctly loading servers and channels. This update was not optimized for mobile use.
good app
Honestly, I hate this app. The app only updates when on wifi, and it's strange to give contact pic with name, but doesn't allow you to make app calls like on What'sApp. Very sad
i can't the card to work I bought
Needs work on the calls...they don't let you know sometimes that you missed a call..and the calls drop
Has been good except not getting my notifications on home screen anymore?
App has begun to randomly crash on phone and is really unstable.
You made it more over complicated and harder to use you money hungry fools
I've been using Discord for years with no issue. These recent mobile updates have been pretty bad, though. The newest update is bugged so that whenever I open the app, it gets stuck on one channel I was in and won't show me anything else. It won't even display new messages sent in that channel. I can click on different channels and send messages on them, I just can't see what I'm replying to or what I'm even typing. It also keeps showing me an ad for Nitro EVERY time I open the app.
A really good app and secure alternative to many others.
I would give 5 stars if the following was fixed/added 1) Anytime I'm on a call with a friend and I got to my camera to take a picture the call makes my screen go black then back to the camera 2) I can't set my own voicemail with things from my actual downloaded Audio. I have a certain audio that I want to set as my voicemail but I can only record my own which I find very annoying
How do I cromecast to my tablet an the number
heh, crime
If it requires phone number then it isn't private now is it?
It's not that bad of a app but it's kinda slow and the calling doesn't work anymore, I get to text my friends and send pictures pretty good though. If the calling gets fixed I will give it 5 stars.
It is a game changer.
What the hell is that verifying ur acc what the hell r u a human ?? Yes I am a human... I have downloaded this app for gaming purpose and these app is wasting my time I couldn't even run it
Disappointed in the new update. When posting anything, the app does not update and it looks like nothing was posted. The visual, though fancy, is useless. The old version was a lot better sadly.
It has been nothing but a pleasure to use this application
Really great app! I would rate 5 stars but it crashes a lot, :( but overall really good.
Signal is the best app to chat
Why do I need a news feed on a texting and calling app????
I feel very secure on here I live it
sluggish like it was written for a supercomputer, not a 2 yr old handheld. Every time I upgrade, this software gets slower and slower. please tell the devs to test UX on an 8 yr old Android. This isn't (anymore) rocket science
Tried to change the telephone number. Everything was okay, but then it said me that it can't determine the status of number changing, and I can't undo it and can't use the app at all. It's blocked!
Too security conscious. Keeps asking for pin code. Keeps updating, each time unlinking my PC signal app from my account. Annoying when transferring phones.
One of the best social media platforms out there fr
Love it except for when voice mail prompts that this number is a text me now number. I hate that feature I unfortunately have a bad boy syndrome and when I give my number out I only give my text me number it's great until they know it's a burn #. I would love for that to be removed to keep my safety, safer.
Hey, you guys have to tighten up. Using midjourney when trying use the describe feature to create a picture. When attempting to upload the picture instead of taking me to my photos, the word " image " pops up in red, I have to restart the app just to use it. Annoying
Sometimes it tends to not load messages or makes it incapable of tagging/mentioning peers but otherwise, a decent app to group chat. Just wish each individual could mute their own notifications and delete their own threads if they wish to. Right now if there is a way to so that, it is not clear.
Sometime their connection right now isn't working when ur networks or wifi works perfectly. And also you receive late text.
Everytime I want to search contact or use other menu it forced me to leave the application.
if i had this number for years and i use it daily, why must i get a message saying dont forget to call or send a text to someone or ill loose my number?
Everything in Discord is perfect for me in my opinion and nothing seems to bother me most of the time, except for notifications, I enter Discord, and there are messages on different chats that don't set off my notifications
Essential app for group messaging with family and church groups. It is nice to see they are staring to add features.
Fast and reliable, including hi-def video chats
Video not clear
It was my first experience, I shall give feedback later on.
I wish GroupMe would allow it's users to edit their messages.
Great way for my firefighters to communicate
I get it I didn't think they got it until I tried to build apon a house of cards called Spectrum and SO MANY LIES FROM EVERYONE. Little o me will pass GO AND COLLECT $200, BECAUSE I'm down $7+ a week So you just go ahead and lock me in. I tried to ask this to a chat box waste of time are you allowed to have two text now phone numbers?
ive aways had no pormblems
i needed a number to call from in a hurry. this app saved my sanity. it worked for what i needed it to cant say about anything else
It was a great app until they decided to remove SMS support, even switched my mom over to it. Now that it's going, I'll have to switch her to another app. I'll probably stop using it as well, no point having a chatting app no one else I know seem to use when it no longer works with SMS.
New version is very bad
I'm going to try this app out hopefully it works as it says.if no problems after a week I will rate it more.
It's mad slow. My phone is so slow due to this dang app.
Having great community communication 😃
Can't register new phone number.
make sure it doesn't update cuz they're all trash
The new UI update is a catastrophe. Not only is it buggy as hell, but it is a straight downgrade in several key ways. The darker default theme is too high contrast to be readable for people with certain eye conditions, important options are tucked away behind unintuitive processes, and many different changes are simply baffling. Clearly the discord team has never heard the phrase: "if it ain't broke, don't fix it."
Great product!
Alternative of imo, what's up
please give "Export chat" option as in WhatsApp.
Like remove contacts or just silent the massive text messages I get now
New UI is atrocious
There have been TWO updates that have entirely ruined my respect for this app. The first one being the layout change, but I still have yet to update the app because of the fear I feel. And two, this NEWER update is making it so people can't see images or profile pictures, and I can't see my banner that I paid for anymore, as WELL as it entirely ruined itself to the point of making it's community furious, gaining them so many bad reviews. Please fix your app before you loose more people.
I tried this with my moms phone and it had horrible call quality. It would repeat what is said. And she couldn't even hear me. There was also a bad *shriek*. Please fix for 5 stars
PROS - decent audio quality, fairly cheap rates CONS - horrible UI, lag when pressing buttons, doesn't pull contacts from your phone, IT'S A MICROSOFT PRODUCT
Pls stop with the new update thing
I've had a good experience, I've had no problems with GroupMe.
wont let me log in i bassicly dont have a number
love this App!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Good for business use if you don't want to give ur current phone number I would recommend it for many things like staying in touch with family or friends.
Lets me message both on desktop & mobile (better imessage or using phone link, because my phone cam be dead/misplaced etc.) Only competitive disadvantage is editing messages
Wont ring and let me call out been trying it says call can not connect on data and I have unlimited its showing no signal
Logs you out for no reason, requires you to fill in a D O B by scrolling
its ok but the picture gets pixelated and wont get fixed unless u end the call and call back. other than that its good.
Didn't have much time to do anything, I'm not paying to receive verification codes when the ONLY reason I want a false number is specifically for apps and sites that I don't want my real number going to.
It freezes when trying to make or receive a call. Calls will not come through. It will just say you have a missed call but phone never rings!! It's starting to get on my nerves!! Fix these issues please then it may get five stars!! Ugh!!
Sucks like no other app I've ever used.
Too many not sent messages or says sent and other person never received
Doesn't work anymore.Really laggy, images take alot of time to load. Downloading media is real trouble.
Unstable, crashes and bugs. Skype is becoming worse with every passing year.
It's great !! 👍 I love the secure mode...
Good for I'm calling
Hate the new UI, also a lot of bugs. Doesn't listen to the community.
It doesn't let you know you have messages till you open then you Uninstall it and reinstall it to make it work for like a week
the bug is not fixed. its still logging out abruptly
hi I love this app so if I were you I'd use it
Dropping SMS is the worst decision y'all have made, somehow worse than the shitcoin thing. I might as well go to Session app at this point. Previous 5 star review: Gif support, video chat, secure phone. Very good desktop app. This is a brilliant messaging app on it's own, but it'll also keep you secure from those working against you. Incredible
It would be better if users could edit posts
Is a very good app
Do to the information I've read on others review I've confidence on Skype id. And I can't download Skype id.
I really enjoyed the app but has 2 or 3 worst things I hate and no adjustments on it so far Firstly is the last SEEN of people you talk to either online or just left with the exaclay the time 2nd is the person who blocked you and when next you text someone back, we got the same 2 mark which others app shows one mark or blanks the profile to know the person has blocked you. I think that's the two things that always bothering me for now and you should adjust that because most of others apps did
I love the app but I can't see photos the people send me
Nice to have when you're phone service provider can't get there sh@# straight!!!
serves its purpose, but just barely...
Sometimes it chooses not to work entirely and messes up a lot
You cant change the background and it is pretty basic.
This is an amazing app for personal conversations. I love it.
Drop to much
This app gets worse with every update. It started off amazing when I joined in 2019. Now, it's slow and frequently disconnects. Stop trying to change the UI and fix the lagging issues. We don't want a new UI that removes features and slows down the app, we want a reliable app for communicating in servers
Making phone calling fun since the early 2000's.
Never good reception
This app is used by fake companies or impersonating real ones ! to scam people who are looking for remote work. Be safe. Don't give your personal information out. I'm not sure how secure this website is. But it's truly scary how easy it was to dupe me. I however e mail the actual company after I googled them and was told it was a scam. I'm giving two stars because this app may be can't help who reaches who. But then again. You guys make it easy so I dunno.
This app help me a lot wen I don't have money to pay my phone bill 🙃 thanks
Cool and good
It has way to many adds with the free version. It's like they want you to pay for getting a sim card to make sure you have the number permanently; but I don't need it permanently, I just need it for a short time. What I do like is when you get a new number your messages stay from other numbers, they have that going for them. And yes it is free n good service. You can hear the other person loud n clear dependant on your internet provider service. I would give this a 5 but the adds 👎
It's not easy!! I requested help with my password. An email was supposed to arrive with instructions. It NEVER arrived! I tried twice more...no response. No point in having this app if I can't even get on to it...Boo!!!
Wish more ppl come to the app. People can also listen to Vergecast about the app
I really want to get my old account back. And whenever im logging in it says '500 internal server error' or 'incorrect password or log in' even if its correct i keep trying to send via sms or sms and codes but there's none im receiving i tried so many ways dc won't let me in
Problem solve i can send out message but i cant recieve message
There should be an option to reply to specific texts when messaging or even to be able to like/ heart messages
Stable and sufficient in exchange for privacy...
Very wiggy app, can't rely on it.
So it works nicely, everything is good, besides Voice chatting, it sometimes doesn't work, I tried joining and nope it said I was connecting while my wifi was on, I used my mobile data and POOF it works but if it's my internet, just nope, hope they look into this
Never work I never get any messages 😒 people can't find me
Best way to communicate. People say that this sucks but me honestly thinks is really cool.
Found that if you don't send out a text for a month, you lose text number.  Useless after you've given out your text number to everybody.
Great. Easy to use and not opened by Facebook. My data is my data.
It works for me, but sometimes I don't get all the messages that were sent to me, and it needs to have a high speed connection for the calls to be clear.
It'd not the same at all anymore I'm going to find a new app
I give it three stars because whenever o try to join a video call it slow to load the video picture, then it at times breaks up, or freezes in the middle of a conversation. But overall I can send messages without any problems. But it could be just an issue with my phone, because on my laptop it hasn't been a problem. But I haven't been able to use my laptop in a while because I need to have someone replace the battery on it so hopefully it still works once I do get the battery replaced.
Only notable feature is locked behind pay wall. Avoid.
Need lots of improvement
Pretty good 👍 thanks
I'll change it later
Full screen video in landscape shows the title bar and ugly corners ( on a Samsung s21). It's also slow even on a fast phone. Trying to share a PNG image fails when you do that from Skype. These issues can be solved easily, but apparently nobody cares at Microsoft. It's a real pity, I like Skype much better than WhatsApp, but it seems Microsoft gave up on Skype.. Nobody at MS cares about this feedback also, so not sure why I bother to type this.
Ever since some updates a while back, I haven't been able to hear my friend's stream audio, but they can hear mine. Also I've had issues with their camera freezing during video calls even when my camera isn't on. I love Discord but this is really frustrating.
Just manage
ABSOLUTELY NOT A SINGLE MINUTE FOR FREE! NEVER HAD A SINGLE MINUTE. Out of minutes. no free minutes
The app seems a little... 'Eh, whatever, I guess
Its okay but if you call someone then you hang up than a ad would pop up and it's annoying.
It is so bad I just like it is weak it is not offline weird
Great app, though some features (creating an event) are not logically located. Also, can't figure out how to delete conversations that are years past.
I forgot my password how can I fin d it
Suuuper privacy
Voice messages lag like crazy, I can't even send them and it sucks. The app is lagging overall. I've updated and reinstalled many times and same issues
I would say the app works overall pretty good. You'll have quite a few spam callers that'll take up most of your minutes, but other than that it works just fine.
Very great app but I have some issues in phone in which I cant see some kind of text they just seem to be completely white and that's when I have to turn on my computer.
Please restore the search function to its previous iteration, I'm BEGGING you. Everything else is whatever, but the search function issue is unforgivable.
Still can't change text size or enable absolute timestamps (only "X minutes ago"). But, it's still the only E2EE platform I trust to not scan messages on the phone itself.
Great app for private communication.
Used to be 5 stars, now one star due to removal of SMS functionality.
AWESOME BEEN USING TEXT NOW FOR 8YRS ITS PERFECT !!
Would give 0 stars if possible. Horrible voice quality on every single call.
I have used discord 8-12 hours a day, for the past 4 years. Discord is my main form of communication, the only way that I talk with my friends and family overseas or around home. And Discord, I'm so disappointed in the new update. I havent updated my app, and I'm not going to. I see the new layout on friends phones- what is that? Where is my easy switch from a server to DM's? Where are my pinned images? Discord, your userbase likes the app because it ISNT like every other app. Dont change that.
It's pretty good, but I had a lot of trouble joining a group my friend invited me to, for some reason.
It starts collapsing every time i open it.i am facing this issue after the last update of this software.is there something wrong at my side or the software is no more available for mobiles?? Kindly tell me about it
Very easy to navigate and send links and pictures
Very slow on my phone.  Messages don't show or notification doesn't push through to my phone
It's like one long text thread. The controls don't simply filter keywords or messages from a single member. I can't delete unwanted conversations either.
Very nice app
very useful
Works!
Absolutely atrocious. I can't sent media files with the new discord mobile update. I don't know if it's a technical issue. Please fix this immediately!
Signed up with this stupid app then when I tried to login for the first time it said my account was suspended.
Its good but it kept deleting the numbers i had and other stuff
Since SMS support is being removed, this is now a useless application. I've uninstalled it today, and just wanted to express my disappointment. There are so many other chat apps that are already vying for my attention. If I can't use this as an SMS app as well, it's worth nothing to me. I'm not interested in your enhancements. I just want a solid SMS app that allows secure communication with people who also have Signal.
Stops working then wants you to pay.
So confusing!!
Buggy and Broken. I used to not have any issues but now I get stuck in channels, I can't see some channels at all unless I restart, I can't delete or react most times bc it shows up as a thin line where I can't even read the text or see the options. Idk what happened but it's so bad now.
It is okay, for now. My friends and I have each tried making a new group on the app and it will not show on our groups. We get the notifications saying we have been added to a group, but the group is nowhere to be found. Please fix this asap!!
Whoever invented this app had experience taking hostages.
There's a lot of ads and sometimes texts take HOURS to get in. The call quality could be a whole lot better too. Other than that it's just fine. Oh and other people can't hear me sometimes
It does what you need it to do. Easy download, easy set up. Easy to find local numbers, works just like regular texting. I have used this several times.
Cant start activation
It would've gotten 5 stars if it had the feature to support sms
The new update took alotnto get used to and still is inconvenient, but also doesn't feel like it was designed for phones at all. It constantly feels like my screen is too small, and it's slow and buggy as all hell. It just feels bad to text people with on my phone. If I didn't rely on it for Desktop, I'd have ditched it already
It needs quite a long time to open. And the white splash screen on the dark theme burn my eyes.
0 Censorship resistance, large data/battery life consumption.
please have the option to switch back to the old UI
Worst because of sweden
It won't let me send pictures anymore? Why???
Worst app ever used!! It sucks a lot... Not recommended at all.. Pls do not use this app.
Lately, I can't get my minutes. They tell you to email them and I still haven't gotten minutes. WiFi calling sucks when phone is out of reach and so is texting. It really only works when phone is on, what's the point?
The new mobile ui is harder to navigate. Switching between dms and servers requires to many taps. And the pins no longer display images, but are also even less noticeable for those who are new to discord. One pro is discord will become less of a distraction for me when I am on my phone as I will be using it less.
Worsened UX across the board, worsened performance, in my case more clicks/actions needed to complete any of the flows I was using.
The app stopped sending messages when I'm on data. It only works on wifi for some reason.
How do I swipe Right? how do I see server members? how do I see people? is there a setting to bring it back??
Ever since this new update its been glitching alot more. I can't even see notifications from my friends if they text me until I get in the app and I finally see what they sent me. Please fix this. Aside from that it's a good app.
I hate this meadia controled app . They own every thing your pics , likely your text's and if they could your life !
I have a large group of friends who keep telling to get this app, and every time I try to set up an account, I never get a text or call trying to confirm my number. I've redownloaded the app 3 time and tried putting my number in with and without area code. If I could just get in I would love the app.
Great to have if you don't want to give your personal number out.
Tough
Love 💕 using this app. Only downfall is the ADS. Especially the one after you make phone calls. Aaagg 😔
New update sucks. When people call me the it will just keep ringing and ringing even if I pick up or swipe away the notification close the app. It won't stop.
Bad move to phase out SMS support. Listen to users @Signal. There's still time to reverse this decision.
I did the update and now it doesn't open at ALL.
I liked TextFree until the recent upgrade.  Sending text messages now requires navigating whether to invite others... Simple text sending is no longer simple, so I'm looking for another app.
Lee glitching
Not Running in background always
shuts down.
Works when it wants
There's way too many ads pop up and calls dropping NEED A updated
Romany women driving my phone crazy
Very bad experience. Everyone I called could not hear me and became frustrated even though it said Internet strength was excellent. Several times I tried to answer calls but it wouldn't do it and I lost the calls. You can't receive confirmation messages (ie you lost a password and they needed to confirm your telephone number) unless you pay for the subscription. This app sent me up the wall several times. This app took 4ever to load and required a lot of resources. I tried TextNow. Much better!
I hate this app
I won like 6 iPads to much scam dm
Hard to navigate, even harder to read text. The color scheme is not friendly. Dark mode is barely different than midnight mode and both are hard to read with astigmatism. Discord was once the gold standard for having a readable dark mode and for some reason the only accessible option was removed. The messages tab being along the bottom is fine but all the navigation regarding it is so much clunkier than previously. Also the permanent activity bar is like an annoying banner ad.
Needs swipe to delete. Looking and acted dated..
Sms otp not receive
I like it because it allows you to see and get the things you missed out on.
I would give 5 star if u can resolve only one problem .. "an option for switching account !!!!!!!" Please add this feature. A humble request
Bad UI update. Anyone know how to download a previous version of the app?
This app not working
Calls always dropping or can't answer when a call is coming in, it was fine at first. Considering trying to find another app.
Very good Pleased Thank you
Works as advertised....get my notices as they come.
The sms you sent me was not working
Was a great app. Used it for years. Now useless for me now that SMS functionality has been removed. It's unnecessary overhead to have to use multiple apps when wanting to send a message and remembering who has Signal and who doesn't. Can't believe there wasn't a UX solution for indicating whether a message was encrypted or plain old SMS.
Informative quick communication in private settings
Unwanted calls
Very pleasant on any and every aspect of communication, been our family's designated communication platform since Whatsapp was bought out and became a sell out. only issue faced was in transferring my profile and chat history from old phone to the new.
Cannot get the app to ring my phone when someone calls despite having all notifications turned on even on DND
no calls ever on app
It's a safe spot
I am a long time Signal user, I was upset by their recent decisions to end SMS support, and to include stories (because EVERY app needs a stories feature). Signal seems to be going downhill fast and I will probably be switching to one of their competitors.
Notifications were not getting on time. All other apps working fine. Setting also fine. Check the app once again. Otherwise I will uninstall it. Can't get any notifications at all. Getting the messages after 5 min of sending. Don't install it if you want fast replies from your friends .
phone number does not work i would not reccomend you to download this
new design should be retracted
Fix bugs and lower the pricing as well and the signal strength
not even recie ing a sms or calling for insta or telegram registration
Resource-light and great for keeping connected Nov '23 Update: No discernable improvements, changes arbitrary and obnoxious, won't load new messages or even correct thread. Buggier, slower, visually no better. Can I roll back an update? :(
It has lots of weaknesses and not camparable with Telegram or Whatsapp
revert the UI change. please.
I like it (5*), however, I had to delete the app and reinstall it and I lost all my conversations and images, etc. I don't see where to back all this up so that it is not lost next time! I will give 5* again when I get a proper response from developers.
I cant see new messages in my group, only mine. The new messages do appear on my notification bar though.
I don't want to change my number I would like to keep my old number
Cost to much when other apps give talk for free to
Just harasses you constantly about nitro and stickers and emojis.
I been using this app I think for about 2 years now, I'm a photographer and I use my text free number as my busines number. Great app. I now use this app for my business number for my little car dealership that I have. This has been my business number for 2 years now. So far its still a good app, but now I be trying to figure out why is there a delay when talking to people on the phone, I'm hoping this doesn't continue
If you download this app your device will be hacked cuz the whole text now and text free has been hacked by an apple device who's able to receive any information as soon as you download this app and also text free app is another one DO NOT DOWNLOAD
Even with limited minutes Text Free (Pinger) so far, is still better than Text Now.
It's another good app for talking to people on
App is unbelievable, slow, glitchy, all around trash, would not recommend.
Changing my review! I enjoy the new mobile update, I think it looks very sleek, however it runs incredibly slow, especially when opening the app. Hopefully a fix to improve the load times is coming soon?
the video frizz
This app should be pulled. It will hold important messages hostage unless you give the maker money, and all under the lie of doing it for the users security. Be warned, if you use this app for app for password resets, they will not give you access until you pay them. It'll work for other messages, giving you a false sense of trust, but if determines that an incoming text is for resetting a password for whatever you've gotten locked out of, you won't see it until paying the ransom.
Stops working after. Every. Single. Screen. Tap. Click. Movement. Call. Message. It. Totally.Sucks!!!!!!!!!!!
Signal is ok to message on
still having trouble logging in on the updated version. around the same time every night it stops letting me sign in.
Latest update makes it difficult to use the app. Trying to navigate between servers and DMs adds additional steps along with having to kill app and reopening every time I try to swap between any. Connectivity seems to be shotty now too. Not sure how they managed to go backwards so quickly with the app.
It nice I use it a lot but sometimes it freezes texts which takes them long to say and it also doesn't show text when someone says something it takes longer for me to get the text
It's nice I like it
Beware!!! The moment I installed and opened the app it somehow charged my credit card. I didn't give them any of my info but they still charged me.EDIT they messaged me back that I will never be charged yet they charged my card $50 and they still have pending charge of $1 which means they will keep my card open to charge more. I would rather handle any disputes with my bank directly rather than giving these crooks any of my personal information.
Because it won't work
I like it the little that I've used it. However, it's not completely clear where/how to do alot of things. When you have problems, it doesn't help you the user to fix the problem that you are having.
Best thing ever, when I don't want to answer people on WhatsApp I run to signal and telegram
Absolutely love this app.
Having no ability to group chat makes it almost useless. Now I have to use 2 msging apps? Took off 2 stars for that.
Easy to use, smooth experience. I was happier when it could be my SMS app, though. Now I need to remember which people are in my SMS app and which are in Signal.
app shows me as online but does not notify me of incoming calls unless I'm
Can't change profile picture it's showing blure
It's just a disgusting app . When I am going to sign in it's coming can't sign in . It's just an disgusting app . I am suggesting everyone no to use this app them can use Google Meet / MS Teams / Cisco Webex . These three are the best app ever ............... Thankyou This is my suggestion to everyone............... Thankyou
When it works it's great now there is no ring tone
Not receiving push notifications on android, tried every step available at skype community page nothing worked, uninstalled and reinstalled app several times but not receiving any push notification. Losing a lot of opportunities due to this issue. Also there is no way to contact with custom support agents, please resolve this issue asap.
no more sms support, now worthless to me and the people I know
It's a good app for texting you don't have to use data, you can use everyone from your contacts list, you only have to use Wi-Fi but, the only downside for me I don't know if it depends on how far away the person is that is texting you or if your device itself but there is a 3 minute delay in between me sending a text and the other person receiving it and also somebody sending me a text and then me receiving it.
things, click profile - >settings. But I can't see a profile or menu. I'm
Sometimes it's great, and other times it's terrible
It was good for me
Everytime i use it my text come super late
New version is very annoying. Not only is it buggy, but the swipe left now replies to a message instead of showing the side bar? UGH
This app was the part of the best chat app have ever used
if you have internet and don't have the money for a phone plan send text now is for you
Discord is full of crypto bots that promise big returns to manage users cryptocurrency but will rip the useer off given the chance so if the potential user doesn't fall for those scams they're onto a really good socialmedia platform that will build confidence in being social on socialmedia which other socialmedia platforms fail at, some of the socialmedia platforms are friends only by appointment media and that gives Discord the advantage, it also has the option to call other Discord users.
Convenient and Useful and Easily Manuverable
Excellent for privacy and ease of use. Unfortunately here in early 2023 the devs went too far off the ideological deep end and alienated tons of users by removing SMS support instead of clearly marking which messages are and are not secure. So now you'll need a totally separate app for normal texts, as this only works with special encrypted Signal texts.
The Calling feature need to be fix with Better Quality and This need to Be improve and The texting to Because it Suck This APP Overall  need to Be Fix it it Sucks
Nice but sound quality very slowly
It's anti White
It's great for a large group to keep in contact. Very difficult to navigate back to see what was said if there is any confusion. We use it mostly to send pics of the youngest members of a large family spread across the country.
I like it very much..
Always have a great experience with Skype,great way to connect with family.my daughter was living in the middle East for 10 years,and we felt much better when we could see and talk to her, and she could show her apartment to us,very convient.
Not receiving any phone calls my husband is in prison and can't get through at all ther all prepaid calls I haven't heard from him in three weeks not impressed with this app Really need some help with the calling situation
Privacy is good
This app won't play voicemails. I can't make calls. And it won't take calls from iPhones.
The app was so good at first, but stopped receiving verification notice.. OTP pin and some other messages.. not sure if save putting money on the app to shop..😔
It is not compatible with my PC and will continuously freeze up and not allow me to open any servers without multiple clicks.
The new updated mobile discord ui is very bad, chats will still present in the text field despite being send. Clicking the server btn to change between servers does not change the chat. Worst part is that messages could not be send and loading chats is simply unbearable, pls fix the issues quickly asap
New update sucks!!
discords great and all but genuinely the new UI is so bad. it makes basically everything harder to find. dms are a completely new tab for some reason, message searching is now constrained to the chat youre in, and you cant swipe over in servers to see members anymore. that last one is incredibly annoying. why would you make it harder to view members? and you have to go into the channels settings to even see the channel topic so its pretty much useless now. discord why do you hate your users??
it was good until they started forcing news notifications that i didn't ask for.
new horrible UI and it's way slower. literally unusable
Major ripoff. Oh, and just try to get your money back. GOOD LUCK WITH THAT!!!
The app won't update, I've been added to a chat and the only way I get
Hides recent calls and messaged, cuts out, app is bad.
Used to be great...now itv s sooooo slow
Won't allow me to delete conversations
Can call my girl usin Wi-Fi when my phone not on Haha
I can't send any media to the servers or to someone in the private. It's not my wifi and other people can send media, but me not. I updated discord today and the problem did'nt fixed. Please, what's happening?
haven't used yet
Straight up GARBAGE! If it was an option, I would've gave this app NO STARS. Ever since I paid for the 1.99 to receive 100mins, the app got worse. I sit close by my wifi router and its having issues to connect. I am the only person in my home using the wifi and the only device I use it for is my PHONE. Nothing else. Why the issues occurred right after I paid for 2 dollars for 100 mins?? Its costing me mins as well. What a complete rip-off.
It is creepy
It's a mess. For both phone and computer, it's always seemingly having this "Connection," issue, which causes me to have to close and open the app a second time for it to work properly. It slows down when I look through my gallery and takes forever to send the pictures out, even IF you have good battery. On computer? The app is HORRIBLE with streaming (w/ Nitro too!) and it's slow as hell when you stream even the smallest of games.
It took over 20 min for my IT person to set this up. Then I turned off my phone and the app erased all of my peeps! What a joke!
Not great I rarely received my incoming calls and outgoing rarely went through either but texting is ok at best
Its good for team group chats
Voice messages never load and can't be play
IM IRISH AND I DOWNLOADED IT AND IN CORNER IT SAID 59 MINS I WAS COUDFUS AND 1 MONTH LATER IT 0 MINS AND I HAVE TO OHH HELL NAH *DON'T DOWNLOAD *
user but i cant update my profile pic on app since long. It gives an error.
I give this app 0 star, it doesn't work on my device,I try all my best to register. it keep showing, Registration failed with error 1062[03476] pls can you explain why is like that????
Signal is a great app for messaging, and its desktop applications are well made. It just works, and in my case has always worked well. Handles video and voice calls great, and the only missing feature on the text front is silent messaging.
Horrible customer care service. Firstly to update my mobile number the website asks me to contact their customer support but even after sending three mails over a period of a week their customer support is so pathetic that I haven't received any reply.
Wonderful app for communication
So I've been using this app for YEARS and didn't start having issues until last year. I would get messages and when I try to access the conversations it just keeps loading and if I attempt to send a message it disappears or doesn't send. This is very frustrating.
Needs update for features need to be added to this app
V nice ap for voice and video call in the world
1 star until I can mute all messages beside @mentions in my system notification settings
voice audio get stuck , download speed very slow ! it's getting worst
Great application, serious about privacy
I didn't have done root even though the app saying it's rooted and unauthorised
Not a bad app per se
Great and easy
Needs more fine controls. Sometimes, there's too much chatter in the group, which results in "dings" that really only a handful of people are interested in. Hierarchical notification choices--choosing a subset within a group to receive notifications from 'always,' 'seldom,' or that you have to opt in to, would be a significant improvement. Without that? I'm mostly going to choose to leave the app on "silent."
mobile app is awful. change it back
am getting an error saying close app and send feedback. Tried uninstalling
This app was great at first but now it is having issues on my phone. I have 12 different conversations but 1 doesn't work. When I open it, it won't open I can't read the conversation.
Bro auto verify phone and I can't verify because I forgot my password I can't use discord because of verify phone
More people needs to use this. Some features need to be added: live location and sending larger files.
Nice app and secure
Love this platform. I have no problems using it at all. I'm happy to be able to use it in my communication with my friends overseas.
It has its flaws but it also has its  great qualities
Whenever I try to send a message and my service is spotty this app can't handle it. It either sends me several failure messages or just sits there spinning its wheels and doing nothing even when I get back in strong service. Usually I just have to cancel a message and resend in. Every other app has solved this problem, why do I have to babysit Signal to make sure my messages actually send? Considering I live in NY and am frequently messaging while on the subway this is particularly annoying.
How do I use this on my lap top?
I give it a two because originally this app worked great but for the past while it would log me out of what I was reading/writing for no real apparent reason.. It won't hold the conversion open and closes either out of that or the app completely and randomly
Still characters in the cafeteria are staying in their seats and not eating
My experience has been mostly through technological and digital means. I remember once signal came to life and ate all my cinnamon toast crunch but then re-remembered I used to smoke alot of pot and cereal is awesome when your baked. Signal is awesome and many thanks to the Devs and it's protecting something we take for granted, I would say it but it's private, and they do it cause they're amazing. I owe yall some coffee but nd a developer 2 make my app and we b rich. Signal is a gift. TY
I've had a great experience and still getting more out of it. great app.
It wouldn't let me register so never saw how well it worked
it worked great when the team was separated at different events. coaches and chaparones were able to stay on top of things and everyone knew what was happening.
Works ok must of the time I'd pay of texting if I wasn't so cheap lol
Error registration 9080
It's a good app. It's just annoying that it keeps asking you to verify your account.
Calls constantly dropped but its good for texting
As for money 6.99 delete it off again
I love this app it's all just right there.thank you for making it easy
Behind of call very loudly noise.. like trafficking noise
I don't have surveys but i can text anyway
With HTC phones it crashes upon loading. Used to work great until the latest update.
please stop putting in updates that people didn't ask for it takes 10 extra steps to do anything with the new update :(
You will hear the messages coming in but don't show up sometimes and phone call quality is very poor other person doesn't hear you well..and it let callers no it's text now I don't want them.to know it's a fake number..on voice mail
It doesn't even work.It's always crushing and freezing up.It wasn't always like that. Edit:Yeah restarting and redownloading the app solved the problem
Where to start with the issues? Always have same issues can't see messages or chats. Must log out and back in to be able to view messages. Sending gifs most of the time fail or don't load.
BACK TO THE US AND TEXT. WILL THIS LET ME CALL FROM MEXICO TO THE US? ALSO
When I had an iPhone this app would have gotten 5 stars, but with my android all the videos I try to share come out sideways and distorted. I checked with my sisters and each one with an iPhone the video comes out fine, all with androids have the same issue so I know it's not just my phone. Once this issue is resolved, I will change my rating to 5 stars. thanks!
I like the app, and it works great!!
Too lag and too slow
I got my account back but the the only thing I care about is the glitches that need to be fixed like first of of when I verify to get in a server with my phone number when I use the verify code it doesn't work like when I click verify it just doesn't work so can you please fix this
Its nolongsr good
I giving this app a three star because i tryed to relog in with the right passward and user name then it send me to do the verify thing and i click on all the.right photo and its then says my passward and user are wrong when it is not. That all i have to say but this app is good though
This is an amazing app I use it for my family and friends it works so good
Its one of the better free calling app
Helpful App and ❤❤❤❤
im a discord user for 3 years, a nitro user and server booster and it's myt 1st time to review the app. The recent update made the app so slow. I clicked an emoji but the emoji besides what I clicked is the one being sent. That's how laggy it is.
If free texting is great but every call that comes in, the person calling can't hear me but I hear them. But if I make the call, they hear me most of the time
Just downloaded, so far so good!
Good overall app I've had it for about 8 or 9 months it's kept my number constant and I get all my messages within a reasonable amount of time but the only downside is you have to pay monthly to disable the ads and the SIM card isn't able to be compatible on all phones so be careful
Says free but that is a lie it is false advertising the BBB should shut it down.
Getting error continuously while downloading media specifically video. can't even download a 7mb video. it's starting the download then again came back to 0 %. while on the other hand i can easily download everything on chrome and orher apps.
Bhraminical
ithis app is good but for some reason it never lets me call people it only lets me text, and when other people try to call me it doesn't ever go through
It keeps going off my phone .plus hard to use at times
Great for coworkers and manager chatting
Overall, great BUT We have stories on Signal but we don't have an Edit button - and this is a way more useful functionality.
It's been ok hard to use my gallery photos
New ui layout is trash.
A little choppy but otherwise great.
No longer supports sending normal text messages. Very bad decision. I won't be back.
Calls echo on speaker & there's tons of ads on the free version. You can't turn off the screen while on a call so it drains your battery & shows you ads. Update: won't let me get verification texts without premium. Really underhanded. Update 3: bought minutes & couldn't use them to send or receive calls (wifi wasn't strong enough & I missed an important call back). Update 4: my dad called on my bday & I didn't get a notification until 4 days later. Text to my friend didn't send or let me know.
It sucks you have 2 pay 4 new app every 2 weeks
Not as delighted as before; appearance of spam messages that can't be deleted is an annoyance.
It a really great app of meeting but it doesn't have enough emojis
This app use to work well. Now all of my group msgs come through as sms. I
One of the best social media platform
It won't let me save my contacts which is annoying irritating other then changing the name the app is good
sometimes you can't make phone calls
Don't use the same email for Skype and Microsoft 365, it will be marked as suspicious, and your 365 account will be locked. I am struggling with the support for more than a month, and getting nowhere. Better, just avoid using this at all
this app is talking and chating best app :D
A definite audio Improvement,however bullish w/ads,I feel that is Not necessary,Otherwise for a FREE Phone +a #, that's K👀l. They have come along way in the years of service, and a hint will be (for the service to work correctly then I have to accept most all of the permissions requested from the App).so I'm not lost just trying to answer a call.. Thanx
This is major issues message and delivered more time 🥺🥺 please improve this because internet connection Good but message not delivered and take more time and rest all feature is good if this issue solved then this app bit all applications and this app known for privacy then yes 😍but instant delivered message not stay please stay on this statement also be 🥳 l hope solve this issue instantly please
I like it but it is i bit slow but its cool
Today it started not letting me send or receive messages! Please fix this! I can't talk to my friends/family without it, I don't have a phone atm so I really need this :( please fix this immediately and I'll rate 5 stars!
This has been the #1 mode of communication between my son and I for many years. It used to be great. Now it is terrible. I don't get pics that he sends of my grand children and no matter what I do I cannot fix it. I sure wish they had actual human beings to speak with to fix it.
I love this app great to use
Easy to use and navigate
I had a Recent Attack on my Account By somebody hacking my Account and sending inappropriate Groups and I would like If it discord Can Patch/Ban or do something to these Inappropriate groups to get off Discord
Was great up until a recent uodate. When sending images, the screen is extremely convoluted and doesn't allow quick selection anymore. Also, for some reason when I click a photo sent to me, I now have to pan across the screen to see it, I cannot see the picture in its entirety since the last update. Please slap whoever voted for this new UI. This is so unintuitive and unusable its embarrassing.
Nothing but adds and inter eruptions tell it findlay quits call out or receiving calls. I didn't like it
Could use some work
Signal is agreat app to use.
Hate that I can't turn off notifications
Useless with voice servers. No recognisable DTMF sent. Pure waste of money and time. Again, thank you Microsoft engineers, best of the best user experience specialists.
The app is very time waisting and it can ruin you if you use it to much, my account got disabled for a false reason...
It's bad. New font is bad, vcs are bad, it's just a buggy mess now.
Sooooooo many bugs, can't believe it is a Microsoft product
Seriously why is it impossible to write a review? Google and Android suck now. This app in particular has turned to absolute junk. It constantly disables my account for no good reason. Won't find a number. Says I created too many accounts. You guys have to clean house and hire some competent staff.
Dont get notifications on my Android. They are marked for allowing in settings. I end up missing so much information. This recently started.
New layout in latest update sucks soooo muchh
i hate this because u have tew refresh this jst tah get yo mesage i am about tew uninstall this app
Its an easy used
Can't erase failed message notification and can't erase unread message notification. I have finge thru every single message and the icon will not clear. Very irritating. Please fix
Call quality is fine, But the new interface is so bad
contacts by turning the green circle with a check into a gray circle with
Slow ..can't call .it says fre calls a d text bit u have to pay .false advertising to me ..
It's ok, poor design.
Why can't I create any an account on the web
The new ui has arguably less accessability and im constantly fighting muscle memory to try and navigate around the hidden features i used to be able to see right away. Has made managing my own as well as using other server unnecessarily clunky.
Good to work with
The newest update makes even basic navigation between chats a pain.
It used to work fine but then I was missing messages. I updated the app and it deleted all of my messages, also, if someone doesn't reply to a message they are automatically deleted from the group and you can't add them back.
I cant update my Skype, kindly need to chk
others think I'm spam
YES! THE APP IS GOOD! JUST LEAVE ME ALONE, AND QUIT ASKING ME TO RATE YOU! JESUS CHRIST, PEOPLE!
I don't like the fact that I have messages I can't remove. It seems to be working fine now but a year ago I tried it and it didn't connect me.
This app has been great until now but for the past 3 days I am able to see everyone always active even if they aren't and they can see me always active as well. I don't get notifications for new messages and calls. Not sure what the problem is since this is not only happening with me but a number of people. Please help fix this issue asap.
Won't let me call out . I have minutes and it still won't let me call out
This is a great way to use my phone at home where I have no service. Some of the ads are offencie.
I was Gonna Rate higher but Discord did a update just a few days ago saying that everyone gotta change there name from Discrimiators but I like the numbers being on the username now there takeing things off just to make finding someone harder. Plus not to mention you can just change it at anytime so that's a problem too.
I enjoy the app the only.problems is sometimes when unsaved important numbers call me it gets lost and I can't find it and also letting us see numbers we blocked , like I accidently blocked my ant and theirs no option to unblock her and also. Calls are always failing at times please fix these three areas other than that texting is unlimited and it's ah great app .
it keeps glitching
It used to be AWESOME but you guys changed the mobile design for THE WORST!!!!((! YOU guys are my greatest enemies and i have another complaint too!!! You guys changed the pleading emoji for the WORST. It used to look kinda funny so I could use it as a joke, but now it looks like something my mom would use on Facebook in all seriousness. My life is rUINED because of the new discord update. My 6 children ran away when they found out they made a new discord layout. I don't actually have children.
better then WhatsApp
I purchased minutes and they refused to apply them to my account, even after contacting their help team. Money wasted.
hate your damn little tweaks that ruin my every being (ie moving around the gif fav icon, making the +react icon look horrendous [also stands out more which wouldnt be a problem if I actually liked it] and the collage feature ruining what certain images look (quotes, comic panels, etc) that also lag the hell outta me. If collaging was customizable sure Id like it. Tbh the react icon changing to *that* was the last straw for me which is why I use an apk of an older build now. Hell2U but i love yo
i edge to this
Drops my calls 50% of the time and sometimes I don't get my text messages until a couple hours later but other than that it's okay
Love Discord and The Video/Voice Chatting is constantly working nicely. Enjoy the ease and convience other "wanna-be social platforms" Do Not Have. Love the ease of navigating and pretty easy to set up.
My problems, when I send a message in an area where I have low reception and that message doesn't get sent, it just stays there and I'm unable to delete it. The older version had a long press function, reincorporate that. Also make the "back" button not quit the app but instead take you to the list of groups.
Great for privacy.
Really good on a pc but unable to log in on phone, it keeps saying the password/email is incorrect
People send me pics and I don't get them and it stoped working for some reason
This app has worked flawlessly for years, but I simply can't understand why they would be ending SMS support. What does Signal have that Telegram does not? They will surely lose the majority of their users by doing this.
Latest update breaks so many things. Tapping on a notice that someone replied to your message can leave you completely stuck & have to kill the app. Can only search within a single channel at a time now on each server. Frequent visual glitches that you have to keep rotating or changing channels to fix. Embedded thumbnails of videos hosted on Discord servers are all broken. Many little things changed unnecessarily & made worse than before. Canceling Nitro until they stop breaking things.
Need to make it to where when it updates u don't lose the shortcut for the app
The textnow isn't working can't dail a number freezing up please help
It say free calls to but we got to pay for it .
It is a very nice app
Liked the old UI a lot better + I've been having constant bugs trying to see messages and on other channels and servers after the one I opened the app too and I even have to get out and back into the app to see new msgs in that channel itself. Rarely different since I updated the app, maybe once it worked properly at all. Peeved with dc keeping on changing features the userbase loved and were memorable and people had few issues with. I get keeping up w the times, but there's a difference to this
Could use more settings.
This App Is Absolutely Awesome, From Chatting, To Making Community Servers, To Having Fun And Joy! With Discord, It's The Best Selling App To Use For Communities Like This. Sometimes, But Not Always!
My friends get a message saying that messaging is blocked. They can see my messages but can't reply ...
This is definitely one of the best apps ever has I can call and show my camera, mute and deafen myself. Although, there has been a glitch on my device where sometimes when I try to join a voice call and play Roblox, Discord sometimes just randomly leaves the call, without telling me or doing anything to warn me about it. This is why I rate this app 4 out of 5 stars.
Simple but a great tool, among other positive uses.
First Of All. I Create An Account And It Got Suspended. Im A New User To This App. I Dont Know Why It Suspended My Account.
Pretty helpful 👍
Its useful but has a great delay and poor response time which is aggravating and the signal even with excellent connection is dropped if those issues could and would be fixxed it would become more popular and frequently used. And sadly like most apps the developer contact information when reached out to does not respond which is unsatisfiying
Best apk i uninstalled whatsap after using the singnel
The app is very helpful but whenever I call, the screen always goes black whenever I tap so maybe look into that. Other than that, great app and please fix my problem!
discord never listens to our feedback! i ALMOST gifted nitro for xmas, this update makes me unwilling to support a company that wastes money. many bugs. not enough space to write them here. still have to mute and unmute to start audio. newest update changed everything around, made things even slower and more awkward.. still has audio bugs etc affecting everyone i know. this latest change is really poorly thought out. more clicks to do things that were easy. disconnects. send fails. bad ux.
This is my first time to text now and so far I like it. Thank you.
Very safe ❤️
Worked the first time I used it. Installed it again on a new phone and it won't let me use my old profile. And somehow it changed my email login info. Never had that happen before. Thats a big security issue. Support has not responded in 10 days.
This is a good app it keeps messing up on me but it sends most of my text all though if someone calls you can't answer or hear the voicemail
Constantly getting spam calls. And I mean it's constant. And then when I try to use it to call out 90%of the time it won't. Sad because when I had this app years ago it worked great and had none of these issues and no spam calls.
Always used Skype prefer to to any other chat app, always works the best and is clean and gives a smooth user experience
bad update horrible app now was good
10 out of 10
Very nice to be able to communicate with are whole softball team love this app.
I use group me everyday cause its convenient BUT I need someone over there to fix group me please. Sometimes messages don't go thru, sometimes you don't get notification there is a new message so when you randomly check group me you 400 messages behind, emojis get lost, pictures don't upload. Its just really annoying 😩
Real PIA. just give me the update already. Got on with it ...am I a hostage? Feels like it
good app!
Works pretty well. I wish it was open source or at least open API.
It's annoying to receive a call notification 30-60 minutes later. This issue affects others too. There are no limits on battery usage, but the app doesn't work as it's supposed to. Doesn't happen in other alternatives
The calls are okay except for one thing it has an echo when you call someone..thanks sadie.h
Very confusing on how to set up and add contacts when switching devices.
This app has gotten worse over the years. It used to be good quality when I am an a call. Know it just kinda gotten laggy and tons of adds, and the sound is getting worst. I also have pure wifi over here and my phone is pretty good as well. So it's probably not those two.
App is still usable, but takes longer to start up. New UI is horrendous compared to the old one, having to switch tabs basically to go from dms to servers. It just feels slower in general when operating the app.
Discord is a great app, and it keeps adding new stuff to make the app interesting. If it works for you, then great! But for me, wheneverna discord invite is loaded, Discord just crashs.
App never rings. App never rings. Miss all calls 100% of the time. Makes calla just fine. Call quality is good. However every tone I call from another phone, it will not ring. Thank goodness I don't need to use it for outgoing calls.
It has everything but wont update it just says pending
This app is great for keeping my 20 immediate family members in touch with each other. The option to mute the conversation is well like by the male spouses that don't need to be notified for everything. The only drawback is that it doesn't sync to my Samsung watch to let me know when there are new messages. Otherwise, Groupme is awesome!
I favorite app for this and i am full time useing this app but i am a student and my official account is disabled and my exam was started my notes and more that account you was big 😭 scam for me my notes and more that account i was cry my life full you app ______
Been having a problem with my contacts syncing and staying synced. For some reason all my contacts will disappear and when receive a text all I can see is the phone number. So most time I don't know who is txting and have to check my little phone book so I can text anyone
Intrusive advertisements, most offers for more minutes dont work or are scams, and watching vids gives 1 minute at a time for a 30 second advertisement. Text Now is a FAR superior app. They need to really lay back on the ads with this one!!
Backup issue Not able to backups old phone chat to new cell, every time it's showing "backup cound not be read error" While giving backups file location please help
Not sending my texts it keeps saying can't send to number
i feel that I'm not the only one on my account and that your security is a joke and wish u would perfect our privet into a little my its private for a reason
Good op I like this
Like the app but cant get it to have a shortcut on my home screen.
Is a good app just a lil difficult to join specific group or link to others.
Added garbage crypto features and removed sms
The new update is amazing But the bc actively game thingy is pretty lagy and takes a great amount of time to load
Not so good. I tried to message others and it just won't budge. It always says dilvery failed
Was looking for a replacement to my standard messaging app. But this will no longer support cross functionality with users with out the app.
All text logs just gone,not erased by me. And gee thanks cuz one was for my work. Kinda important was gonna subscribe til that happened.
I can't get the verification code...
Text works great, but we can't here ourselves at all when I talk with the phone! Idk what that is!
Hello, i love this app and all but theres some problems so if i try to log in and all it works but then i have to verify my account and it gives me the code although its the real code, i get told that it's invalid or that another discord user is already using it. Please have a look at that.
New UI is horrible, unintuitive, laggy, and lacks quality of life features that existed before.
not connecting well
There are a lot of problems. Video quality is one. The app not ketting me or the other person make calls even when we have service and Wi-Fi. Kicking me out of the app and not letting me back on. I don't reccomend it anymore. Not as good as it was.
UI is overwhelming
it's been productive
Please listen to your customers and stop "innovating new things" by making your platform harder to use for no reason.
Nice idea, but poor functionality Can't watch stream/broadcast most of time it just sits spinning/buffering with black screen I can't react to messages I randomly get disconnected and have to disconnect and rejoin The idea behind Discord is great but they need to work on making it actually functional instead of messing with constantly changing the interface. Please focus on it being able to function instead of how pretty it looks
Just heard about their crypto debacle. I would have paid monthly but now I'm looking for a replacement app. Once again money ruins something good. Orig review: What "sold" me on this app is that it is open source and it has perfect forward secrecy. Love the desktop integration using a keyboard so I don't have to crab out messages with my thumbs like I'm doing now which SUCKS. This app and the people behind it are doing their part to legalize freedom and we all owe them a huge debt of gratitude.
While the underlying technology of the Microsoft owned Skype may be state
notifications still delayed, and I can't change my friends nicknames in my friend list.
Ads here and there,scam calls here and there, but this app has always been a reliable second number for me. I once even bought the number for something i dont remember and it even worked better. Only issue i have ever really had is when i am at times on a call, when i try to press numbers within the call it will mess up or time out or something like that.
Its real and very smart
So far so good. There could be some extra messaging options, like on android. But overall not bad.
i think some of u are a little slow because everything is still there its just a different layout
Friends I love you Carly friend
No free! You have to buy minutes and buy the phone # itself.
Immediate response. Good clarity. Good service. Thanks. Phil Thomas
Very efficient and affordable
It was very good and useful app, until they require to pay to get sms verification codes with weekly subscription. When last year was yearly subscription with 5$ it was much better. Now it's just a money greedy app. I'm really switching to another service.
Hey why can't see previous pictures in dm! I already update but still not norma
Whelp, new mobile layout is mid. Time to switch to desktop only. Upon reading many other reviews, it sounds like discord needs to admit their mistake and just change the ui back to the previous one. I'll be honest even having to go change my settings to fix it is an unnecessary hassle. At least make the old ui the default
After the new ui, the experience became dreadful. I can't mute or unsure people in calls. The navigation is awful, and there is no way to bring back the old interface. The app keeps getting updated, and nothing is fixed.
I really hate this app. The setup process and ability to connect to others is gravely flawed. I have gotten unsolicited contact from people I have never met, and who should not have my information, but I am not able to connect a contact from a friend's personal invite. That makes zero sense. GroupMe fails at its primary function: providing a way to connect and communicate with others. Do not download this app! I would give it zero stars, but the Play Store doesn't allow for that.
I cant delete my phone number
Don't waste your time on this app You nether receive any sms and nor make any call
Generally no problems for what I use it for but recently it started crashing by just opening the keyboard so.. kinda unusable. happens 'every' time I try to type anything
New UI lags horribly makes everything way too big and also makes everything so far away
I just started Signal so not sure
Not occurred
new ui makes things way clunkier than needed . moving from dm to server has been made significantly less convenient. additionally, theres a regular bug where the bottom menu to move from dm/server/notifs will move to the bottom of my screen where it's behind my phone's buttons that allow me to go to my home screen or switch thru bg apps; when this happens i have to completely close the app and restart since it makes me unable to move from menu to menu in the app. tldr; booo tomato tomato
Yes its jeremy love the app
Removed sms support and therefore removed what made this app better than the rest. Just another WhatsApp clone now.
This is the best app for private chat
Very good app to use
Is Perfectment
Difficult to add people
Calls are clear and rarely dropped
The chat I'm in keeps disappearing and sometime the message won't send. Please fix this
Somehow the UX keeps getting worse, impressive.
Can't upload pictures, click on pictures, access member list...the app crashes each time
It's ok
Used to be a fantastic app, incredibly poor decision to drop sms messaging support as I use this exclusively and have since 2012. I've been advocating for others to use it as well. Now, I'll be uninstalling. So incredibly disappointed.
I just now tried the new UI update and completely understand all the terrible reviews. I love discord and will continue to use it, by why completely change the design on mobile? I can only beg the desktop version can be spared.
There's a bug fix your app I give you my hard earned money for this to work not the opposite
Its very good except for the fact every time i tru to call it never is able to connect
Great app for groups without giving too much personal information away!
Had to stop using this app and switch to text free because this app for some reason doesn't ring on phone calls until after the caller has already hung up. This has been a issue for some time, not only that but also text alerts don't come through until you open the app 90% of the time. Mind you I have 5g data plus great wifi connections. Not even just that the caller always complains they can't hear me talking so if you're looking for a second number app choose a different one take my word.
This new update is awful. You can no longer see where you were mentioned in servers, and swiping left now replies to a message instead of showing you members online. This is definitely geared towards people who aren't in many servers or are only in Dm's. Not to mention their support site is actually useless.
It's app is good
and reinstalled (even within a day or two). Defeats the very purpose of the
Its good but it says network error n I got perfect signal n it let's me us other apps dat require wifi
I used this app to follow my favorite creator and then my account was disabled because i was 12 although it said it was for 12+
Don't have one no more
Ruined the UI completely. Going back to Ventrilo
It no longer loads. This was a great app til a few days ago. Not getting incoming messages after update..Reinstalled and now nothing. It refreshes for hours and never loads. Tried all fixes pinger posted. All don't work. I get an email stating pinger messaged my comment...where?
The app is great and all but it sometimes crashes out of nowhere regularly and the voice calls are always unstable
Well this app is soo good for Listening Music and for gaming, but it sometimes disconnects the voice. Other this app is easy to use and very comfortable 🙂
I used to love and praise Signal, and was were pleased with it's functions. However, removing SMS support turns this to yet another messaging app that divides people instead of offering a single app that works for every contant. Such a sad direction Signal's heading- instead of standing out as the perfect messaging app, it will just blend in with others.
This is good
If I could rAte you zero I will why is my messages not sending?
CON- a bit slow and laggish and lots of ads! PRO- mostly free and easy to use!
So Cool
It's kind of dumb because you still have to pay to be able to leave messages unless you  update it and you can't have voice mail unless you pay for it  I thought it was called text free
Great App. Would be nice if you could edit within minutes of sending as fat thumbs and autocorrect can be a dangerous mix
Love the app, my only issue is the amount of ads. This doesnt bother me to much, because its to help you gain money, BUT, its to the point where it lags out sometimes. I have no other issues with it than it being to the point of lagging out.
Good app but notifications are delayed by 5-10 mins sometimes. For time sensitive notifications, this is really annoying.
A bit strange user interface - you don't know at first where to press for calling, you search for a handset, then speaker is ON when someone answers...so unusual, bad user experience for using the program on mobile device. UI like made just to be different - l don't like it! Also searching for other users could be much better. But otherwise OK for cheap communications.
I just barely download the app stay tuned I will let you know how it works ready to use it now
Constant updates on desktop version, updates on droid version make it where contacts who do not have Signal, can't send me photos/video messages. I use to really like this app, but every time an update comes out, my "like" for this app falls further and further down the drain. I'm ready to abandon Signal and encourage others to do the same. I want my permissions back for my default app to be able to accept mms/sms messages whereas signal has hijacked them , STOP with the endless useless updates.
Too many messages daily. Get nasty unwanted messages and no way to stop them.
I never get my calls. just the txt messages.
The app functions well enough. I don't like the fact that I can't delete my account 😒. I don't want to simply Uninstall, I want the account to be nonexistent.
The new UI is so bad I don't even know what to say like bro just go back to the old design it was amazing
great while it lasted but the decision to discontinue SMS support means I (and thousands more) will be ditching the app. Hope the devs enjoyed their 4.9 rating because they'll never see it again
Good app but my microphone cuts out specifically on this app for some reason
I can't log who 😠😲😡
Fix the app please!!! Used to be so great now I wont get notifications and it sitts loading forever never had those issue before
I am in China.Bought Huawei cell. I use VPN, daily.To access Western sites. Unable to download Skype from Google Play. ?
I've been using text now 99cent Sim card the service off the wifi I I ss pretty decent. tried to transfer my number was a few days until I got the data to work in town and its glitchy but ok. not sure if I'm the cause lol. in a punch if you have wifi and no minutes on ur phone it will do the job.
Somedays it let's me make calls other days nothing at all.
So far I am learning to use the app but it has been easy to use
It is always difficult to talk anybody on phone. It is because you cannon make a call or you can hear anything. It forces you to subscribe by block messages from one of my friend.
Easy and private
It's better than most. Calls are much easier.
App has always worked for me
Old version was very functional. New version has worse use of space and doesn't work in horizontal mode.
Literally love this app but new update for mobile version is feeling like discord lost its originality. The interface makes it look like just another copycat version of whatapp and other social apps. We just want the performance to be better, not the way it looks. It was perfect the way it was before in my opinion.
No privacy mods can read ur chats
i can not make calls it never goes through and its so irritating because i really need to make a cool 😫
Awwn what a great app
I liked this app until the news that they are dropping SMS. Will never be able to entice anyone to switch to it now for all the reasons others have said. My other gripe is that I have only been able to attach one picture per message, requiring multiple texts to send two or three pictures. Guess that doesn't matter any more. I'll hold onto it for a while in case the people at Signal sober up and restore SMS functionality but until they do it is basically worthless.
I gave it 3 stars because when i customized my server, the discord mobile was blank, very buggy
Sharing in our women's church group is made possible, and made easy!, with this app. Grateful for it.
This app is okay. The big complaint i have is that after being on this app for a certain amount of time, it starts to faulter and glitch. Itll send me my messages and calls but when i open the app i have no notifications and dont get my texts and calls.
i love discord still, but the new mobile layout is bad, i dont know a single discord user who actually likes this update, it makes the app way less intuitive so its hard to use. this update was unnecessary and made things worse
Putting minor bugs aside, there's something that I've noticed since early 2023. While on mobile I try to view a friend's stream (when they're on PC). The stream refuses to load, it just shows the loading screen forever. We've tried everything we could find to fix it, and nothing works.
Couldn't figure out how to do a video call, to confusing!
It's a lot of fun and I'm having a wonderful time being a part of this group!;!
The new themes and UI aesthetic design Discord implemented look great. The problem is the user-friendy navigation for mobile users is gone, the layout that made Discord such a breeze to use on mobile is gone, optimization is terrible. Primarily, the mindless and easy way anyone could swipe to what they need next, it requires no focus or effort, which is why many apps nowadays implement swiping mechanics into their apps. To optimize Discord for mobile, easy access swiping should be implemented.
It suck
In the world of stealing and selling of our precious data, this app is a breath of fresh air for Android users.
Still love this app, and the privacy!
Use it alot love it
I have reduced my review to 1 star since this app no longer works at all on my Xiaomi redmi note 4 (MIUI 10.1) phone. It deleted all my groups. I don't get any push notifications anymore. so if you have a Xiaomi phone I don't recommend it. I now use Hangouts with people who don't have a smartphone since it's available in Gmail via a web browser.
It's a good app, but receiving verification codes used to be free but now it's cost money. I don't wanna spend almost 5$ or more every month just to receive a verification code.
I love this app it keeps me informed and I can continue to call my contacts if I lose my primary number I plan to keep it
worst app I have ever used
Active
Chats are not opening suddenly, and the app keeps crashing...
I dont know what happen but i cant receive any otp from my accnts using this number anymore
Sucks because somebody text pinger number is getting forward to my phone and it won't stop
Whenever I get to discord from a different app/game that is on horizontal display, the channel list becomes wonky, the images becomes very large and i ALWAYS need to restart the app for it to display correctly
I didnt have problem with Skipe before Microsoft bought it
can't transfer from Android to iPhone
I wish the calendar can save in history or reoccurring for following year.
Discord is a awesome app thank you for this great app you created for us to enjoy I give this app a 5 star rating happy holidays
After the "update," not good anymore. Skype on Samsung S9+ and on an iPad. iPad will ring when a call comes through but not the Samsung phone. Then after a minute while talking on Skype from iPad, Skype on the Samsung will start ringing for the call that I am already on. And as everyone else stated, you cannot get rid of the badge notification unless you turn off notifications. Would have given it 1 star but will give it the benefit of doubt that it is related to new Android os version.
For chatting, the app is great but it has bugs. Really annoying ones
No more WhatsApp and all that your privacy is your lies. One major issue I encountered is the contacts doesn't show up as you save them for instance Daniel becomes Brother Daniel or so
This is overall a good app only problem is it wont let me receive or send picture messages. What the heck?!
This app isn't great. It don't work half the time. When I get calls it don't even ring alot of the time. It needs worked on.
this app works very well for texting & voice calls.
It works fine. I had the app up before I was invited by my group so it actually didn't like my password. I had to delete and reinstall the app a couple of times. But now that I am actually on there with my group it recognizes me without the password step. Easy now!
I have it a 5 star review three years ago. I wish this app was like then. also fix your garbage false-banning system discord!!!
Been happening for awhile, but I don't receive notifications at all on my phone. I have it enabled from my settings, in the app, they just don't show up. The chats aren't muted, so I'm really just not sure why it won't work. The updates sort of fix it for a day or two and it just goes back to doing it again. Really frustrating having an app dedicated to chats and it can't even send notifications.
backup number and work on wifi without the extra
Moves slow but works
Why when I turn my phone screen off, can the other person no longer see me? There video freezes completely until I or they re-open the app again.
It alright when its on wifi lol
This app put a floating icon on my phone that I cannot remove. I uninstalled it simply because it was one of the most annoying apps I have ever used. Even after I looked at a text message I could not get rid of the icon that floated on my desktop or whatever it is that phones have.
Still disconnecting calls... before I'd pay to have TextNow be my service provider... it cannot be dropping calls...
I made an account for my brothers to be able to text and call me without having to have a paid for phone. Within not even 3 minutes of making an account, it said their account was suspended. They didn't even get the chance to do anything?? And I didn't even have time to memorize their phone numbers so I couldn't report it. Would not recommend.
Very good and appreciate
It fades in and out sometime.
When I first downloaded the app it was great, but now I'm having issues with the calling feature. Texts are fine but ever time I try to make a call it rings once and then nothing after that plz fix it, I would hate to have to uninstall the app because I wanna keep the number.
This is a great way to communicate with coworkers without everyone having your actual phone number.
Can you increase the capacity of seen by in group from 20 to 25. So that can be easy to find who is seeing our message. Useful for online classes
It won't let me give out the number to friends ,and it's messing with my winnings cause it ask as bout another phone
It's a good place to chat with people
This app helped me out in a jam. I ran out of phone minutes. I only had the net. This app gives someone 60 minutes. Some call/Text apps give only like 10 minutes. Thank you!
It's Great!!!
Pretty good, messages seem delayed sometimes and had some issues with the profile but otherwise good.
If its free why is it telling me my phone off and cant dial..i already know that
Nice app use ful for gamers
Unable to connect
So far no complaints!!
I don't think it's very 'free'.
calls dropped often and miss most incoming calls but it better than ymo service no have now
Shifting here.. Cause I am just done with Meta.. Google also collects data & I have some issues with data collection but not that severe.. But On the other hand meta is just "Evil" with there data collection and usage. I am seeing that scrolling through 10-15 reels, I am getting only political reels which are focused on shifting my view about a political party. That itself is unethical and shady. Changing people perception and manipulating them idk how Low Meta can go after this.
Program will not let me in
Too easy to lose number. How about a reliable reminder? It reminded me once! Can't get a replacement number in my area code.
Honesty discord is good but I am having issues with the discord call cause when I'm in the discord call and when it overlays like a game or app but it lags a lot so idk if it's discord or my phone but please fix it if it's not my phone
I was receiving very sexually explicit texts. Would not recommend
It's great but there's an horrible Echo when trying to talk to people! On there side I've been told by family and businesses!
This app used to work well, now it keeps freezing over and over. I have deleted and reinstalled as well as cleaned out my phone. It seems it is causing my phone to freeze using other apps now as well.
One star not because the i donot know that discord have a basic or a website for help the dowloaders
Very poor use of Real-estate. Secondly the fonts etc are not customisable. The whole app is not intuitive at all
Pretty cool app.
For some reason I have to hit the retry button about 20 times just to send a message. Please update this app smh
multiple people have access to my account
Was great until the recent update.. now the contacts that I add won't save to textfree even though I add them through the app.. all it shows is my contacts number. So I have to constantly scroll through the previous texts of the contact to figure out who it is. This is annoying, please fix
Forcefully updated my mobile version massively reducing quality of life by implementing the worst layout ever, downgraded to a significantly more tedious and ineffective layout. Reconsider
I like this app  but it would be better if they made it like imessege
Discord is great but when I play a game while I'm on a call discord stops the call which makes me have to go back to discord to join the call again
I have always really loved the discord app, and the regular updates were generally appreciated, but this latest update has really been a step backwards. My biggest complaints are that it has disrupted the navigation flow that the app had before, and I don't want to see notifications about what other peiple are doing ar the top of my nessage list. Discord, please return things to the way they were before, until then I'll be cancelling my nitro.
Spam... ive given the number i chose to no one yet im constantly getting spam calls. Annoying.. deciding whether ill keep the app.
Just got hear
This app is so so pathetic, I don't know how Elon Musk recommended this app to the public to message. No wonders, he also was sure that this app is going to be of same condition as Twitter is. This Signal app literally sucks. There is so much of lag in sending out the messages, the delivery of the message the video calling and everything sucks. By the time your message gets read or double tick, the person in front switch to other message, you loose the flow. Who so ever is the developer, u suck
there are ALWAYS issues sending my messages.
Great way for our group to keep on contact!
Good for texting gof xii hi
Good but, runs really slow.
the app to desktop switch was seamless before the update, now they've tried to fix what wasn't broken, ended up breaking it and the app is borderline unusable
Good app but when I close out the app and don't get rid of the tile I can't hear audio
Lag so much lag Not as smooth as before
It works well when communicating with smartphone and PCs.
Discord is good. It doesn't crash randomly anymore. Just that sometimes no one can hear me even when I'm unmuted. It's not common, but very annoying.
I haven't used it that much.
The previous UI was unique in it's own way, but after the update the app looks like some kind of cheap messaging app, the navigation is too much of a trouble, the bugs where the buttons become hidden due to a landscape wise screen and many more. To be honest it doesn't feel like Discord anymore. I wouldn't be mad if they return the previous UI . That was more clean and easy to navigate/use. Other features are commendable at some point but the UI.... Sadly this is really disappointing...
It's a great app if you have an Android device or phone
Great app, unfortunately it won't be supporting sms going forward. There's no way I can get all of my contacts on signal or expect new contacts to have it. Going forward I won't use this app but the normal crummy texting app which is unfortunate.
i love this app been using it for over a year but i got direct msgs that i wud like to delete that are super old. of ppl i dont talk to no more and hiding msg by msg is too much please have an option also a option to block ppl you dont want to direct message you especially stalkers..smh
Can't text or call
Uploading images in channels is quite buggy. Some times they are upload as cdn.discord links. And other times they properly send
I like it just struggle with uploading videos through Wi-Fi connection
I gave this app a five-star rating with a different email back in 2021 I gave it a different 5-star rating with a different email about 8 months ago I got rid of it because some parts will be coming annoying like people I don't know sending me things like mistress Odessa wanting me to be her slave but really didn't have any knowledge in the master or mistress slave game. I told her she needs to go back to playing marbles Jack's and hop scotch. Great now i want some Balvieney 18 year single malt.
It just said connecting when trying to make a call and never connected to the call. Useless app basically!
Poor wifi(not your fault)
This app doesn't recieve text messages for 2 step verification. Also calling doesn't work like normal phone service. When I called a gift card company to check a card balance it wouldn't recognize the numbers I was entering. I also get cut off alot during calls because some ads will open and end the call.
Slow and frustrating
The app will not send me notifications. The whole point of a messaging app is to get the notifications. Really wished this worked better.
this app is great but I wish I could use most of the things on there every time I pull up the tab to send a gift it just barely shows the tab same with my account settings I'm tired of deleting just for it to do it again and again it used to be a lot better.
Worst app I've used ever. This is the 2nd time I paid for a number and installed the app. Once I uninstall and reinstall, it won't let me login saying continue with Google account but never logs me in. Also, no way to cancel a number but getting billed continuously. They should have at least some way to contact support, unless they want me to dispute from the bank.
It's not getting connected at all. When I'm online it shows offline. We take screenshots and share it on WhatsApp. Ultimately end up calling on WhatsApp!
Don't be fooled. The police have access to any message sent through Signal including the "deleted" ones. Read the fine print.
Calls don't go well. Calls either drop or I cannot be herd.
One star because we're almost to 2024 and Android tablets are not properly supported as "child" devices to our phones. This has been in place for iOS / ipadOS for years. I know that the devs are aware of this need and still have not addressed it yet. If/when that happens, this will be restored back up to its proper place with 5 stars. I'm frustrated by this still being an issue.
Would rate higher but it says free calls and none of the calls are free until calls are free I'll only rate it 3 stars
bro discord is so bad, my friend always stop listen to me and i need to restart the app, suddenly ends the call, it consume so much ram... i miss skype, i miss skype so bad...
Took a little work to set this up eventually got it working. This no longer works. Only pieces of msgs being rec'd. Some people receive nothing. Can't add new members. Nothing the Support Dept suggests fixes it. Wish it would work.
Great app I like it but haven't been able to open up the individual convos. If fixed will change rating
only app to use
TextFree does not email you a temporary password to use with the app. You
The app overall looks god and I mean it, functions well after you uninstall it and re-install it back, after that it works just as good as before the update
Great app, but one issue. Can't send any media files to anyone.
A really have a question. Can you only call using Wi-Fi?
Can't believe they dropped SMS. Used to be my go-to, but this alone was a first-to-worst move, then compounded by adding disgusto-nasty unwanted distraction "feature" (tho Idk to whom this is a feature) of stories. Hope those who made this decision end up not just bankrupt but destitute. Way to knife your user base! 🤬
Having issues sending and receiving text since November 23,2022. Get booted put of the contact support page . Before you can report the issue. Can't send or receive pictures and they show up where they need to be.
SuperB app, 😍 Loved iT
1. The fact i cannot pay with a skype credit (gift card) is a real problem! 2. not being able to use custom ring tones is a issue! 3. not being able to use third party faxing is a problem! 4. not being able to export my contacts internal to other platforms is a issue! I've used skype for over 12 years and immediately after Microsoft bought the company many features were lost. The push to integrate into Office is leaving many of us that use it as a VOIP user considering other platforms.
Just too good
The best more people should donate!! The service signal provides us is a gift. No ads no forced to pay. Only true private service that exist, look at your permissions. They do all this for us. I never realized how much, how grateful we should be. I guess in summary, it's our 1 escape from Google and Big Tech. I'm not rich, but I hope this is motivation for someone to at least give a dollar. I'm in noway affiliated with signal. Just never realized how grateful we should be for a service like this
Good easy to navigate around
Why need to get nitro just for a background???
I love this app as it helps me connect with the people I love. However, lately it's been... sub par? Controlling itself is the worst issue. The chat menu opening and closing itself, the tiniest touch miscalculation opening the emoji keyboard 3 times by itself, making my keyboard crash, words doubling themselves or correcting themselves no matter where they're put in the sentence.... And this is all ONLY on discord. And i am not the only one having these issues. I hope it gets patched. and soon.
Discord app was great until the new forced UI update. It is now almost unbearable and beyond frustrating. Takes way too long to do the same tasks as before and is now an unorganized mess. This is what happens when these social apps decide to be like everyone else instead of their own unique entity.
No notifications!!!!!
Cant recieve verification codes for free? This app is now officially ruined for me and this was the main reason im using this. Edit: makes sense now
Gif keyboard isn't working. It keeps saying "something went wrong" every time I try and use a gif.....
Phone is not charging while using app on my Samsung a9 2018 Android 10
Really decent but it locS Yu out of a out sometime when calls come through while on another call other than that it's cool oh yeah sending copies of a text seem to be not allowed Waz up with that
This is a very good app better than WhatsApp
Super slow. Prevent my Samsung Galaxy from charging.
Pretty good communication app. It would be a lot better if the developers implemented the option to schedule what time text messages are sent.
Best secure messaging app out there. Snowden-approved
This app sucks every since the upgrade it has been hanging my calls up!
Easy to use, clear sound and pics.
Love the experience. The ability to have all my friends in one group chat is awesome.
It's freaking soo good but try the mobile players also change background
Updates have broken the app for several months now.
Third class app. Worst speed of execution. Was not expecting this. Too slow even of modern latest smart phone and high speed internet. Daily issue.
Easy $ works well.. Only issue is sometimes I won't get notifications bout getting a message for hours or even days.
I liked it it a good app
Ok to text not call really.
Works great. Very user friendly plus more private and secure than other apps.
might freeze up if you change who is the group leader.
I love Skype however the call quality has always been bad! I recommend Discord instead!
This is very timely - it's a Godsend
When i click continue and put my phone number with country code, next it ask to verify I'm human and right after that, app automatically changes country code to +1 and it says number is not correct and when i tries for the next time it says too many attend, try after next time... What's wrong with this app...
Every time I check Skype messages it closes by itself and it happens 3-4 times at the same time. Solve this issue
I hate that I have to update it every month but other den that it's fine
Messages are delayed and messages aren't being sent.
The app does stop working randomly and crash here and there but besides that I love it!!!
I've been proudly using Signal since it launched but am now experiencing a problem. When I access a voice note it starts playing, but as soon as I put my Samsung device next to my ear it stops playing and when I go back to it and click on it nothing happens - it does not want to play - even through the speaker. I then have to exit the app and go back in to listen to it. My app and phone is updated to the latest versions. This does not happen with WhatsApp voice notes.
Absolutely the worst messaging app for syncing to secondary devices. Erases my entire message history on laptop with every upgrade. Support has no solution. I wish my colleagues would stop using this
Doesn't show new notifications and messages. I constantly have to check for new messages.
Why in tarnation would you remove SMS support? It was one of the strong points of this app, especially in regards to the ability to back up messages when migrating to a new phone. The emptiness in the reasoning is baffling, too. I second the notion that social media shoud remain social media. Don't care for "stories" in a messenger app. Someone is making poor decisions over there.
This is what we use at East Bay Prayer Furnace and it really is glitch free . Easy app to use.
It's nice just WAY to many ads
The new update sucks, dont try to fix what isnt broken
THIS APP WONT EVEN LET ME USE IT IVE BEEN TRYING TO GET IN CONTACT WITH SOMEONE BUT THAT DDNT WORK 😐
Having to use it on an Android device really sucks. I've done everything for years on years on iPad. I'm basically not using Signal at all because of that
Better than most apps, dependable
Best messaging app ever for so many reasons. Why "stories"??? Wanna be Instagram and Facebook? We are here because we don't want that, also this is a messenging app not a social network. Would be great if could somehow transfer messages when changing mobile devices
So far my experience with this app has shown me that there a different people to connect with on a gamer/ weber
Can be much better but all dev care about is money
Would have gave it 5 stars if it wasn't for Clyde going offline
It syncs all my contacts and I didn't want that ughh!:( very angry
The texting is great but the calling isn't gotta pay money or earn minutes
Nice because I don't have unlimited texting with TracFone. I Wish you could sync your number with the app though, otherwise you have a separate number for Textfree.
Good useful app
App frickin sucks. Every time I try to paste text into a text message it just buggs out and takes me back to the main page ??? This no good.
Great for chatting with several people. Only wished it allows you to upload an image that isn't in jpeg function. I am having problems with sending messages. Since I logged in online and used the app, my messages from the app on my phone aren't sending. I am uninstalling app and will see if it helps.
the new layout sucks so bad, please give us the member list back at least
I really like this App it lets me stay in touch with my wife. And she's in the army in Syria. Thank you and God bless you.
Everything keeps freezing up, I can't send messages because it immediately freezes. Tends to stop responding and when I try to reply to a message, it opens up a different conversation. I have to constantly close the app and force stop it. Repeatedly in one day.
I just want the app to quit asking me to rate it.
It's a great experience
My account was disabled before I could even use it. I tried another email address, made 2 texts and 2 phone calls and then it was disabled the next morning. Then I tried another email address and it was disabled right after I signed up.
Best app, best people here
My pictures have started to fail sending and I've tried everything.
Not user friendly. hard to use
It's nice and private that's what I like
Discord has reached a new low. The new UI is brutal for anybody who uses threads. It shouldn't be this hard to toggle between threads in the same channel. Worse, voice calls don't work at all. Nobody can hear me. The microphone only works for voice messages in text channels.
good conversation
Edit#4 still no real response from discord devs. I am sent in a circle and told I am providing feedback to the wrong place. Not sure why discord is failing this hard but I will uninstall the app soon if I cannot use the old original layout. Edit#5 the help article being commented on all these reviews does not help. Edit#6 they continue to direct me at a help article which is not helpful. The automated response makes the experience even worse. We are being ignored.
No ability to add password or a pin to lock the app.
Shuts down Everytime I try to use it. I have to copy my text from somewhere else and paste it to send a text. Then it shuts down after I hit send. If I try to type it takes the first few words before it shuts down and I have to force close.
Liked this app cause it's better in comparison to the other communication and video call apps !....
Just awesome Go for it
text now still drops calls and makes it pretty choppy to hear sometimes but all in all it's better than most of the text now type feels it's going on
It is very good and very secure.
When someone calls me I only find out about it if I go to the app and check for messages, which could be hours after the attempted call. It will rarely give a notification of an incoming call. EDIT: I wrote that review some time ago and the service has improved immensely since then. It's a great app, very reliable. Thanks!
Was working very well until the update. Now when I send a text or recieve one, I have to wait a long time for it to load, neer had this issue before the update. Other than that issue, I love this app.
New Update Is totally annoying I mea what is it we can't swipe to see members and it's too much annoying and in old discord mobile the roles display make a respect now the ui made it bruh
Finding something else. Junk app archived all my messages after this update.
This is very good app
I merged my messages applications and now it's not going back to the regular way the TextNow app is using my phone services number to send messages and call and not the TextNow number it's supposed to
I love this app I can have a second line without any issues . and if not used you notified termination if not used to make a call
Great all around.. connection, texting & on top of that.. for FreE!
I love this app, it's more good and easy to use than WhatsApp and telegram. The all two app are always banned number without do anything goes again their privacy. I love this app it's number one private chat app in my album.
In contrast to other apps (social apps), (using speed) is very harsh! But video call quality is OK!
The worse app can't get incoming calls and says this num is no longer in service lol
I have many friends because of it
App Is Awesome but the interface is not loading properly even i have very good internet connection i am facing on Android
I see everyone has a new discord look but I updated my app and it still looks like the old version. Is there a way to fix that?
Not that good really
I wish that it would like or more like Band
I was unable to register it's giving me error occur as respond
SMS doesn't work anymore. Used to donate, no point if I'm not using it, even if I started with red phone. Sad day
My experience is, there's many scammers on here, asking for money, and fake accounts
I've enjoyed seeing the beautiful people here
Yet another app
After this latest update, the pictures aren't downloading....
One of my favorite messaging apps. Love the focus on privacy and being open source, but was disappointed when they removed the ability to communicate with non Signal users. I understand the change was to push for the end-to-end encrypted messages, but I feel like they could have left us with the option to send unencrypted texts. Unfortunately most of the people in my social circle don't use Signal, so I had to uninstall.
Great app to stay in touch with friends.
Great 10 f
Its a great app. Easy to maintain.
plz fix your guys calling the internet will drop as soon as you answer or cut you out whenever
Doesn't load messages most of the time. You can refresh to no avail. I got to see a timely message a day too late.
otherwise
Texting works but cant send or recieve pics
Update sucks Change it back. If they don't change it, or give the option too, I'm not buying nitro, I ain't paying for a service I don't like.
I'm giving this a 3 star because it is a good app I enjoy it, what I don't like it how buggy the voice chat is for console Xbox mainly on my experience. I have been trying to connect with them for half an hour and reseted my wifi, as soon I was done and tried again I decided to check my wifi and everything was all right and reseted my console and tried again. Nothing still. Please fix this bug.
Please revert your decision with the usernames.
Less functions than Whatsapp but it is worth it for the privacy
Skype free trial not available in Pakistan why????
it's a very good app
hes not trusted
I've never been able to send mms on here...phone settings allow it..but they say failed all the time...what's that about ?
I don't need the help now because it worked and I can finally talk and heary friends
Can be buggy but overall good
the intetface is very unclear ,
This app SUCK worst app ever
Confusing thecopyscrolls upsidown??? The script is way to small
video crashes when you try to share it, but the rest of the app works fine
This is another phone service that they need you pay by the week or month but they only work under WIFI, I can't wait til my phone come so I can have a real number. These phone services are crazy to secure a number by paying that only work under WIFI. You can get messages or incoming phone after a week trial unless you pay for their service.
Please support the appearance that the other party is recording Voice
We need a Code But nah Im erasing it
Its a stupid app and wont work at all
This app is ok but u do need wifi and other ppl cant call u. U have to call them otherr wise 👍 great
I love discord i even paid nitro but now I can't talk with my friends i reinstalled the app many times and I don't see any solution to get connect to voice channels with my friends 😔 it needs to be fix ASAP
App is really slow. App often freezes while fetching new messages. Chat automatically doesn't sync in way it should. Often times when you open a chat then it start to fetch previous conversation you did on Skype app on desktop. It is really slow. Please learn something from WhatsApp. Their UI feels so fluent and on top on that app works wonderfully.
Unable to access discord.exe, mobile discord or even the website, so i cant even open a ticket.
It was good at first, but then it started disabling my account.. So i lost ALL my contacts.
Good information
I use this app a lot but it doesn't send notify me about all messages. I recently upgraded my phone and updated the app from an old version, and this never used to be a problem. It's unconnected to connectivity
Thumbs up 👍
It's a very fun experience when u don't have service and there's many things that u can do with friends and family.
The recent app changes really suck and make the user experience way worse now. So much more cluttered and irritating.
Love the privacy
Works good as long as you have wifi. So far other than ads being annoying I didn't haqveq. Qoriqbleq. Until I haqdq to get a new phone and couldn't remember my password and reset it. Well it not only reset my password but the phone number I've been using and I'm waiting on important calls from my daughter's dr about her autism screening she needs done
If the ads keep taking up half the page I'm uninstalling it.
It's not free, as i thought it was
Sending out an "ad" at 5am is Ri-dic-u-lous...
• must add the floating chat head/bubble feature. • need to add contacts live indicating signal.
I agree with others. Discords new UI is absolutely terrible and the fact that they are disregarding their user feedback is disrespectful and scummy.
I can call and text without money.And texfree system great.
There is a bug, is it related to how android as a operating system operates or how signal operates I do not know. The issue is that every time I change my notification setting to "bubbles - nothing can bubble" it always automatically changes back which is becoming pretty annoying.
Some bug are fix, but. The video are still showed with blank thumbnail. Which I have gotten use to it, beside. This new update really got me confused and find this app harder to use.. I wanted the old discord back where you can just slide to the left to see the member list. Finding the dm much easier and even when u drop a video. It use the auto generated thumbnail instead of that poop pic
I cant send pics. Please fix
There are always people left out in my phone on groupie for the group chats that others can see and I can't. Also I don't get messages at times and only know if I am friends with other people in that same groupchat.
Good communication and text
It's only good when I have a gf...
I'm sorry in general it's fine and all,, like you can chat normally and all that stuff, but it has been getting horrible recently to the point where I just literally can't stand it and only enter the app to post some art and immediately leave. I really hope the next updates are better tho.
Droid 3, not able to make calls, please do this and its 5 stars.. love it so far..
He really make me feel better at anytime
Cant call people or recive calls please fix
this new UI update is absolutely abysmal and makes some features incredibly difficult to use.
This app is good but why has all the dates in my messages changed after the update?? The dates my text messages went out are incorrect
All the useful features are now gone. They ruined the desktop client also. RIP Skype.
I hate this app because you can get certain amount of minutes and I will not be using it again...😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤... yall need to be a one star...
Zero graphics supported and cannot view Total rubbish
Good way to communicate :)
All of،
Umm wtfckk? ?!? Why cant andrids get calls and iphones can you guys need to fix that right alway whoever made this need to make calls and plus I can get picture messages that's dumb and ever since I updated it it won't let me receive text or send them get this fix soon…
good for the first 40 mins then audio goes crackly and laggy when on facetime.
The application is a total fraud, do not pay anything to this app, anything violates terms and conditions. I want my money back.
After the new update i can't use voice chat anymore, did all the steps it told me to fix the problem and i still can't connect to any voice chat
This is probably the most inconsistent app that I've ever used on a mobile device since I bought the first device that has apps on it. STOP RADICALLY CHANGING LAYOUTS AND FEATURES. Inconvenient and unnecessary things are put in the forefront, more important things are removed from sight. The user list gesture is replaced with a reply gesture, even though reply is still where it always was, on a long press. Stop trying to make platforms act the same. This isn't an apple device.
No texts to mexico... booo
Neat
Won't let me log in, says "something went wrong please try again later" PLEASE HELP.... I love this app other wise..I. just hope that this issue gets resolved very fast and soon.
hell yes
Is acting up big time drops calls can't hear echoes
Second worse UI update than Whatsapp😭 Why fix a perfect feature?? you devs should've fixed bugs and connection issues😭😭 like how is a 300MBPS wifi not strong enough?? Restarting and uninstalling still has the issue.
I have been using this app for years without any complaints. TextNow is the most reliable for me and super easy to use.There are a lot of annoying adds, but that's no big deal considering it's a free app. I haven't even tried the premium service yet. I'm so impressed with the free version!
Love that it can be pushed to my texting app.
Can't get none of my messages for work
pretty good app for anything you need in terms of communication and language.
Bad app didn't worked don't wast your time with it
Very good excellent app love it
Auto rotate is so annoying
I keep getting kicked out of this app. Not sure why.
It's ok but I wish I could use without internet
It's a good app but the calls always drop especially if you receive a call on your regular line. App takes up half the screen, which is very annoying.
Good app. But their bubble thing could be improved upon
I wish this app had better service in south eastern ky. I used this app when i lived in city and was great, now since im in the mountains its service is not nearly as good. Any ideas on how to change this so i dont have to change apps?
Full of scammers and hackers but Microsoft won't fix it they will block you from using any Microsoft app Bing Microsoft emails anything Microsoft you won't be able to use worst scamming app around worst app for getting all your other accounts and devices hacked into Microsoft will not fix the problem
Nice but very slowly
Lags a little to much and take someone forever to receive a text message once you send a text out and they receive it
Don't call out much of states
Usually it works great, but most of the time, new messages will not push to my phone automatically, I usually have to manually refresh to get them. Changing settings didn't work at all.
This is a great app, chat and privacy, end to end encrypted all together in one app, Great job.💯😃
New UI is abysmal. They downgraded it. Improve off of the previous build, try not to time travel to 2011 in the process.
Video calling is not well
It dsnt allow me to send pic messages nor does it let me click on links that are sent to me. And when I try sending a picture message half of the pic gets cut off. Time to uninstall Heywire is better.
I love using the app as a second number for people that I don't care to have my main number
you need to log in on a browser to stop :) automaticly becoming an emoji, why, idk, its completely pointless just add the option to the settings menu
Had a subscription for over a year. Now my number changes everytime I open the app. I'll change my rating if this is resolved. Update: My number was returned AFTER I unsubscribed. So backwards but I'll add 2 more stars to my rating. Update: after they restored my number for a week, they changed it again before it could expire. This is too much trouble.
It is nice to connect with coworkers at this time
This application is having bug. Its confusing contacts with same first name and last name but different middle name, and displaying all those contacts under one contact address. You guys need to fix this issue. How can developers at Microsoft make such mistakes? You need to include middle name text field in the contact form of this application. These are the basic thing we learn when we start learning programming. I am shocked that nobody reported this bug before.
IS THERE ANYONE ELSE EXPERIENCING TROUBLE WHEN USING THEIR DATA??4G/5G??I use it for work but my internet provider isn't always stable so I have to use 4g/5g data too. But suddenly, it wasn't workingsince last week. It is a disaster. Please do something about it... Data is not connecting or recognized. They cannot hear me or see me on the other side. 😭😭😭
Seems legit but it won't let me put in an area code :(
Not happy with the recent update. The main thing driving me nuts is how much slower it is to load. It's also sluggish when moving to-and-from messages and servers. I also preferred the old layout but I think with a few changes this one can be good. I'm giving it 3 stars vs 1 (like the rest of ya! Hahaha) because I'm not that upset about it. I will still use the free version and update my rating if it improves.
I hate this app!!!! It declines all your calls and when it does let you call it hangs up on the person and dosnt let you call again.
Whats going to be funny is when you take a new number but have to check signal to see if their number is compatible. I'm just going to deactivate it on my families phones and recommend they tell their friends to deactivate it too or they may not get their messages. Dont just delete this app, deactivate it first or it will hold your messages since they wont be delivered to a phone number address.
I dont like the ads that keep popin up when you trying texts
I mean, it's Discord, there's not much to say, it's not bad not necessarily good but, definitely not bad, I've been using Discord for a few years 🤷
Trash UI overhaul. Imagine having two different design mentalities across mobile and desktop. Probably someone trying to justify their useless job
but could not find the window in which to answer the calls.
I was awesome but started dropping calls and others could not hear me sometimes during calls.
Uninstalled. I have no need for yet another proprietary web-based messaging app. I was only using this because it did that, and SMS. But they are dropping SMS functionality, so I'm dropping this app.
It's always freezes and the key board disappears and I never get my calls!!! I hate it but I have to use it cause I don't know any app that I cn call text for free and their is way to many ads!!!!!!! And it normally says Unfortunately Text Free has stoped. And every time I call someone and they don't pick up and I am on it for 2 seconds on my calling minutes they take off 2 minutes. Fix it please!!!!!!!!!
Paid for my subscription but not showing up on my screen
Used it, loved it, then they decided to remove SMS support. I don't want another walled garden. The decision smacks of a REALLY BAD misunderstanding of your user base.
Well, the new update, isn't it just awful. Every executive who rubber stamped this is to be embarrassed for. Best regards to the developers who had to work on this; as if forced to handle dung for a living.
The app is efficient and effective! I've only been using it for around 2 weeks, so I'm still learning its features. I have no issues so far.
Why does it keep changing my number
Good app super easy to use.
Its really bad.
Good App👍!. Only one problem! I Can't Hide My Phone Number... Telegram Has that Feature...
Great to keep communication going between employees
Very good tbh 🤩
SO FAR SO COOL FOR ME 😎
IRS AO BROKEN I CANT EVEN USE IT RN IMAGES ARENT SHOWINV ANYMKRW.
Allah plane is bigger than you an I don't have afraid of anyone instead Allah
The texting part is alright though I don't always get my texts but the calling part sucks. Can't never hear them or they can't hear me. I'm giving three stars though because it is effective for the most part. It's always been my go to text app.
Hey discord, stop being something we don't want you to be, We don't want this UI. You are better then the social media apps, stop it. Stop limiting your app to look cool.
It's very private I like it!!
Okay, overall, this app is so good, but everything is nitro? I know you wanna make money, but like not everything has to be nitro. It is ridiculous seriously.
Even at high network speed the messages will be delivered very slow. Fed up with this! As it's been long time and the team has not resolved this issue.
Currently having issues where I have a great Internet connection but skype will not send my messages. They'll say "pending" when my profile says I'm online, same with calling. It will say "ringing" but it wont work. My app is up to date as well. It's really freaking annoying!
God awful update to the ui why did they move everything around and make servers have a different tab? Why did they change the search function. This has gone from a streamlined and easy to use app to one of the worst and clunkiest experiences with a layout I've had. Don't update your app if you still have the good version.
Long time user switching because Signal stopped supporting SMS. Who wants two messaging apps? Bummer
What is this new update? I absolutely hate it. I hate not being able to swipe left to see my servers and have the DMs immediately be right there. I hate the banner above the DMs screen taking up so much space. I hate not being able to swipe right to view who's online in a server. I hate that I can't turn off the voice message button because I keep accidentally hitting it and it messes with my audio on my device. Whenever I open the app from a push notification it crops everything weird.
It's the best messaging app so far...
It lags too much SOMETIMES
Easy to set up easy to use. Keeps my group connected!
I don't use it too often but when I do it works nice.
Keeps asking me to rate the app
Messages wont load consistently
Its okay, But for some reason multiple times when i tried to send my messages it wouldnt work and i made sure i had a good internet signal but it wouldnt seem to work..please fix this problem and i would give you a 5 star rate.
Crashes a ton for no reason, especially when going through media sent or the contact list.
This new Update is horrible beyond insanity, the loading took an ages and sometime its lead to malfunction
Alright 👍
Good, but not the best. Video quality is very bad, but sound is great! Don't want to be rude, just keep it up and make it better! Sry again.
They do what they say no complaints
Pretty good, except for one glitch.r
I've used this app in the past, and loved it. But now it won't allow me to log in, an write message pops up when I try, no matter how many times I uninstall and reinstall it. The website isn't helping either.
For the love of god why would you make it so that one email ID can't be connected to a second ID. I forgot my old account details and now I'm struggling to make a new one because the old one is synced with my old account that I forgot about. Seriously it's frustrating
The new update requires me to refresh in order to recieve texts. Please fix this.
Who thought it was a good idea to change the UI needs to be shot. Don't change something that was perfect.
Poor can't seem to send messages or photos!!
Im getting no pic mssgs! I dont get it. That what you guys offer right!!?? smh
It keeps saying my phone number is unknown ever since I saw this app I download it and now I'm talking to all my friends now.
loved it but with sms no longer supported its useless to me. not all of my contacts even own a smart phone - thats why we still communicate with sms
Imagine WhatsApp, just without all the stability, user friendliness, advanced features and fun to use. That's GroupMe
Always loading. Very glitchy.
Not very user friendly. Can't change phone number on android. Ridiculous  several people have tried to add my number to group and group me does not recognize.
Trash app It keeps telling me I need to choose a new number and I already have
Fix the app. Other than the new update making the app much more clunky and difficult to navigate, I'm having issues with glitches and lag. The search feature doesn't even work properly anymore. The app crashes much more now. Before I never had any issues with the app running slow or lagging, but now I am. With this, among other various things, I don't see why anyone thought this new update was a good idea. I'm not joining a hate train for the update. I genuinely am having issues with it.
at first I thought this TextNow was a solid company but in trying to get a small refund from them I've changed my mind. they claim that they can't issue refunds if you want a refund from an in-app purchase you have to do it through Google. and if Google doesn't want to issue the refund there's nothing you can do even though TextNow is the one collecting the money for the purchase they're not willing to contact Google to tell them to issue the refund. I heard back from TextNow 4 months later.!
Hi i used to be a frequent user and nitro supporter since 2017 but since the reccently implementation of the ui updates i have 0 motivation to fully utilize the app due to the unfriendly look is extremely grating on the eyes. as a visually impaired person i am considering canceling future nitro subscriptions and probably not buying anything from the shop for now due to the unwilling support refusing to let the disabled have much say in this. Please rethink this.
Doing it's job
I don't see what the point of this is except to have another messaging app on my phone to what "hide stuff from other people"? Well what is this really doing cuz I don't see how this makes it secure unless people just think it works to keep there messages private cuz it doesnt
It's a great concept and a very useful messaging platform, but some major bugs make it hard to use. Notifications are hit or miss and are never sent for dm's. New groups and dm's sent to me don't show up in the chat view until days later. / Edit: The app NO LONGER WORKS AT ALL. Chats I am added to do not show up in my messages list even WEEKS later. I tried clearing data and updating - it just says "Welcome" with NO MESSAGES. FOR A WEEK. After years of use, it's time to say goodbye to GroupMe.
Nice but i prefers the old version cs the latest updates sucks. It tooks so long to load too although my WiFi is good enough and its not really smooth and confusing sometimes. Ive been using this app from dec 2021 like that and its great back then.
The app works less and less everytime I open it. Today I couldn't even dial the first digit, its not responding. The app is updated and my phone is a S23+ so definitely not my fault.
It's a good calling and texting app and I have been using it for years but the fact that they take away our ability to do verification codes is beyond stupid
the tech support is grrat the trxt is great now i need to fill out a evaluation report for the engineers when i make calls i hear my voice on my phone the call on the receiving end does mot hear me so please send the escalation report to my email please thank you the tech support os great and now my concerns have been escalated to the engineering
Tried this again after years of it working. It wouldn't work and kept telling me after a certain time length like a week of using I couldn't use so I used my other Gmail and yahoo to make new numbers, same issue. I'm disabled, at home with wifi and bedridden and i need this app if something happens like power has went down too. Npw it's denying me of now using this app saying it is against the policy and blocked me. Why?! Makes no sense! I only made multiple numbers due to these issues! Fix pls
Phone service is terrible
Great service I've been using for years and no problems 10/10
1 of the best ones
Easy to use, gose well with most games you play on phones.
Well not let me make an account
Voice calls suck as they alwaysbreak up but the txt is awesome
I have been using Discord to keep in touch with friends and family for 6 years and this newest update has me seriously considering just texting them instead. While I appreciate servers and DMs being more separate now, the new dark mode is much higher contrast and I have begun to experience headaches while using it. Any theme that's easier on my eyes costs money, something disabled people are not particularly known to have.
Removing SMS Is just pushing people away from signal, removing the easiest entry point argument and is a very bad move.
still having crash issues. sometimes can't even log in. seriously? what part of constant crashes on trying to start the app do you guys not get?
Have to update the rating for the app, as the service itself works and I like it, but when It comes to the mobile app this is simply unusable. I'm not complaining about the UI change which is something that someone may like it or not, but the slowness that the app has reached is truly unbelievable. It takes years to answer to a message from mobile, it simply stutters and sometimes I need to tap multiple times to open a chat.
I love Signal, but as only a handful of friends and relatives use it, and as the app has stopped accepting texts to/from non-Signal users (extremely counter intuitive and counter productive moves on Signal Foundation's [previously Open Whispers'] part), I may have to use this previously-superior app less and less.
My extrodinary lifeline to my grandchildren.
Constantly having issues uploading pictures! We use this app as a family to simply load pictures and share them, but every release the same issue comes and goes. I'm ready to start looking for another option. Maybe slack...
I hate it so much
Was pretty happy with this app for years but now it no longer forwards to my email so I don't know that a text was received. I tried resetting on multiple devices with no luck. Very frustrating. Also upset not to be able to get verification texts without paying.
No one can hear me. microphone was enabled and still no one can hear me.
Latest update is very buggy. Has a lot of issues regarding zooming in too far on popup windows (when adding emojis or uploading pics) also issues regarding window sizes. Issues with switching server tabs and empty windows, which other users have stated. None of these issues on desktop. Very disappointing to have to keep force stopping the app to repair these issues, especially since I'm a paying user.
Skype is always super
My phone number changed and I need to redownload but I can't because it is only allowing me to verify with my old #. no other way to verify please help
When a call is rejected a very loud noise triggers, it's much louder than the rigging call and quite dangerous for your ears, please, fix it or you might get sued!
Decent app that is rather fast and gets the job done. My only real issue (hence the mark down) is that last time I checked, there didn't seem to be an easy way to mute all threads in a channel bar one.
I have a problem sending videos they never get it also when I get an audio I have to reset my phone to heard it.
The old one was better it dosent show contacts and freezes
I'm really disappointed that signal decided to end sms/MMS support. It was the main feature that differentiated it from other messaging apps. Now it's just like an the others. RIP signal. It's been fun.
Good app, kinda sad that now that I have a Samsung instead of apple it won't send videos and gifs as well, don't really get that but other than that, good app
Please fix the issue and embarrassment that is caused when a user hangs up on a call and you do not know and you are continuously still talking and don't realize do you pull the phone away because you heard nothing but silent for 10 minutes please
Hi, when I receive a message it comes up above the messages i sent even
Discord, pls. Bring the old layout back, ngl. The new layout feels really weird and uncomfortable :/
never ttryed the app
Not sure what the thinking was to seperate the servers from DMs in the app. Terrible and clunky design. Going from servers to DMs used to be smooth, now it's a pain. Please change it back.
I like it but I don't like the ads.
Works Good
This is a great app to stay in touch with my employer.
Best and only app I've ever used for absolutely, totally free talk n text app service. Thier service coverage is also very good n did I mention !☆FREE lol 🤑👍🤗
I love it!! Just can't find out how to delete servers that I own and the boys are a bit difficult to get unless you are in a server that has the certain bots otherwise five stars
Simply not working. Constantly have to re-enter my info and get kicked out every few seconds
learn ing
The app is a a joke. They want you to pay $10 to be able to receive verification codes. Do not fall for the trap, there are other, far better and actually free options.
It don’t run smoothly on Xiaomi Redmi 4. Message sending is very slow.
Added blocked spam numbers from my phone to my contacts and there is no way to delete contacts. Users have been asking how to delete unwanted contracts since 2013, and it is still not possible.
This app have alot spam i dnt refer this app for no body and they check everything in ur phone entry to bank take information still user name and password i have problem w my bank now im waiting for my bank call me im gonna see wat they do and check my said the check personal information the still
This app is good at beginning but bad at the end😭😭😠😡😠😡
Unexpected pop-up commercials when I am doing something important. Stuff that I am not even interested in.
I loved using discord on my phone but then they decided to do a new layout. It is buggy and not intuitive. In the message friends area they put things you can't hide instead of messages at the top. Overall they have made it harder to use, can't opt out like they promised, and way more buggy. This is super frustrating to use.
Skype running very busy so I am going to uninstall very busy app, mobile getting warmer, take tomuch time to load friend list, or chat history, showing updating long and long , reply me fast
What have you done to switching between face and back video! It does not switch!
This app is incredibly laggy and buggy. When I get a notification, all of my apps stop working and the notification comes in. Also, I have to close and reopen the app AT LEAST 3 TIMES just to get it to actually work. The only reason this gets a 2 star is because the computer version is fine.
last update is not stable, android 8.0 and huawei mate 10 pro
Good app in my personal experience except the fact that they changed my number even when I had been active...unlike what they instruct us to do which is to remain active...if not active more than 30 days then they take the number out. But in my case I was active, with purchased minutes nonetheless, only to get on the app and have to choose a new number from scratch with zero minutes.
Some problem with audio on occasion but committed to wanting to understand issues if any. Even where automated.. service communication is prompt. I would Recommend giving them a try.
It's a koo app
After 10 years of using I finally had a uninstall do do a stop of SMS messages I guess I have to look for a new text program now very unhappy
I cant send videos on here im a dancer and im trying to send the routinues and its not even givin me an option whether to choose a video and the videos aint but 15-20 seconds long other girls in the group has sent videos before so im tryna figure out why when i wanna send a video its not lettin me bull crap
It's not a great experience tablets. The text field often expands of the screen when in portrait mode, making the send, emoji, and voice note button inaccessible. The most recent update also seems to have removed the 'AMOLED' dark mode option from the appearance settings. If you use the "memory lane" appearance on other devices and have 'sync across clients' enabled, attempting to change will cause the app to crash. How has one update managed to make the user experience worse?
On the current version I can no longer sign in. The password I use on the web app fails on Android. Groupme support simply gave me a password reset link. That didn't help because I have a valid password. The Android app simply will not let me sign in. I tried using my Google Account, which I've linked to Groupme and used for login in the past, and that failed with a message that said "Could not sign in with Facebook." I wasn't using Facebook. I used the Google button. Reinstall of the app did not resolve.
It's not allowing me to login even if my email and password is correct😑 Thankyou for the help. I was able to login again😊
They're removing SMS support. Great app turned useless. Whoever makes these decisions should be fired or step down.
There's really only one or two things that could use improvement. The crackling and cutting out in the call, and the fact I went through the set up for the SIM card and it's still attached to my old number.
Do you mind preventing hackers And making discord safe?
It feels like being pushed into the nightly build update channel.
Love this app. It's been very helpful! I lost my phone when I was out of the country and was able to utilize this temporarily to get in touch with my bank and other landline based establishments.
I've used Signal for a few years now, but the last few months have been awful. Not sure what is going on, but messages sometimes takes over a minute to send, regardless if using the mobile or desktop app. The inconsistentcy is infuriating. I hoped that things would improve after SMS support was removed but somehow they made it worse.
I made the account and i get disabled
Have to buy minutes, horrible reception.
No contact list or way to add friends
i don't know how much money i need to pay for call to the Philippines how much for $23.
Every update feels like we're being punished for our continued loyalty. My girlfriend and I now actively question why we still use Discord anymore :/ That's a shame, it used to be a fully functioning app and now it's a glitchy disaster. Edit: lol I got a response back for this review. There's not a list long enough to list all the glitches, man and you're only gonna tell me to restart my phone and internet. Just fix the app instead of gaslighting us into thinking we're the ones glitching it.
The app is amazing, well was until this update, its making discord glitch alot and the layout is way too confusing. Please can you undo this new update since its having a negative effect on discord and making it glitch alot.
I still have this app. Its grate for calling but sometimes when ur calling the mic pick up is crappy, sharing screen (with sound) is pretty crappy because the sound goes out randomly when I am sharing my screen. When I am calling I can't go to other apps and use it for me needs without the calls ending. It's made me mad for so long and it used to not end my calls when I open up another app.
Revert the newest update.
Very poor call quality even with a "HD connection"
Pretty cool to txt on but mms sucks though can't send or receive that.
Go to platform to connect to groups, teams, projects and many more
I was really hoping i could find an app were i could text any were😢
Compromised security.
Sure, it was okay before, but with the new update, it just got worse. I personally dislike the new update, just as some people might dislike it too, and with the new layout, it won't even give some people the option to switch it back to the original layout if they don't like the new one.
I love Discord, don't get me wrong, but seriously the new update ruins most of the features I loved about it and made it a standard copy and paste social media website. I get that it's not all bad but like at least let us use the old UI, they said we could but then reneged on it. Discord is a good app just let us use the damn old UI. It wasn't an issue why did you change it to be less useable.
Reply to recent dev reply here: I just did a 3rd submission + extra SCR. Experience excellent, up UNTIL recent when attempting to rectify issue with my login. Contacted support & got usual FAQ email reply+something about they would contact me shortly. +2 wks now, 0 response yet.Sent 2nd req for support +2 SCR of what's showing when I try login, still 0 response, at all.Followed inst. to a tee. Result: basically lock me out of my own account and server. RSVP !!!
Msg not delivere even three days Resently poor performance..
recommended trouble shooting
Good platform for getting together. I use it for community hangouts!
Will not use again
I hate disoxrd
I just installed this app and to make my first call I bought 100 minutes for $1.99. My $1.99 was debited automatically,...no problem, still my account has zero minutes, customer service is none existed. If you can't provide the service why take people's money? Either give us the services that we paid for or give us our refund.
This ish is not letting me log back on. Tried everything.
New update it takes a minute to work after opening
I like the landlines and mobile calling feature. Really the application works well, and basically the UI is simple.
Been using for 2 days now IT'S a FANTASTIC RESCUE HELP! my 📱 is BROKEN! The ONLY PROBLEMS using my ALCATEL JOY TABLET is NOT RINGING, Vol^, RING ON, SET in my HAND, still NO RING! Please advise? How to use FREE WITHOUT WIFI also? WONDERFUL APP, Sincerest Gratitude for HELPING us HAVE it for FREE! God Bless keep up the great job REVIEW after issue fixed Thank You
Awesomeness.... Piece of software...
Used to be good, but rude now. This app now forces you to invite your friends to "use" it. Soon it will be the only way you can use the app as their changing their services to members only.. Before you can text anyone from any service weather they had this app or not. Kinda silly of them and rather retarded, it will be the death of their app. RIP.
Good way to have group conversations in real time, share pictures and gifs. We use it for out FF group so a fun way to smack talk.
I use Skype for my online lessons with my students from different countries. I like the different features like audio recording, video recording, multiple chat and conference calls, etc. Although I encounter some connectivity problems once in a while, all in all Skype is very useful.
Every time i try to download it gives me a hard time
When you sent automatically send me a message from Groupme Support I reply and your message (Groupme TickerSymbol/icon doesn't go away. It's still there. I prefer not to see it along with my other messages. I see your symbol, that's enough for me. I was expecting it to go away. Please remove
Sometimes the messages took a long time, like a few ten minutes, to reach the recipients
The past couple of days all of my groups would disappear and I can't communicate with anyone. It happens on the desktop version too
Been good security could use some improvements
This is the upmost worse app DO NOT DOWNLOAD
Sorry Discord, some time ago I gived you 5 stars but now I am so sorry fr that bad review, the thing is, the new interface is too bad, it's much harder tu utilise, yes I know that some of us will accommodate with that early but for me I hate the thing that I can't swipe anymore to see the active peoples, this was the iconic part, now it's much much harder for me, just this little thing if you change I will leave you 5 stars again
Please add games to the "Connections" in mobile along with "Display (game) as your status
overall a great chat experience. if only the video quality gets high.
Edit: theyre removing sms functionality. I now have no use for your app. I understand that sms are inherently not secure. However I'm not going to use your app as like a 20th messaging app that inahve on my phone. The fact that it replaced my regular messaging app and helped keep peer to peer signal users with security was my entire reason for using you're app. Absolutely insane business decision.
I loved Signal at first, but it is quickly becoming a thorn in my side. If I make a new group, with 3 or more people, I cannot find it ANYWHERE. If someone in the group does not message, then it's list for all of eternity. I cannot add a profile pic to the group either. Absolutely frustrating as can be. I left the beta group because I read that could be the issue. Nope. Ugh!!!!
Does everything I want while respecting my privacy.
This app stopped working. I don't know how to fix it. It isn't sending my outgoing messages it isn't receiving my incoming messages reliably. I tried signing out and back in turning my mobile devices off even Uninstalling and reinstalling it. It's very frustrating and I'm not impressed.
I use to love textnow and now I can't get verification code unless I pay it. It's ridiculous that should be free especially if your phone is off and your trying to sign up for jobs if you don't have enough documents for identity verification at the moment .
Great app. Please add the ability to unsend a message. Many other chat apps have this ability. I use this app for work and I hate sending a message to the wrong group and not having the ability to recall the message.
Fix the vc's in this app. Especially for those using bt earphones. VC's are getting more worse than the regular phone calls that I make. Why is it too laggy? It's always low quality, and alot of delays when I try to hear someone on VC. Edit: Please read the updated review before sending a response to it.
They're removing SMS capabilities. SMS exporting doesn't work. It was fun while it lasted..
I actually love the convenience of this app. My youth group uses it to communicate. A common issue for us is that we don't always receive notifications. I personally don't. I'm trying the uninstall/reinstall method now. It's just frustrating to randomly decide to check the app to see that you're 30 messages behind and missed the conversations.
Ash: "hey dad" From the world I guess. Lol. # who's Jean? Lol
Trying to log back into my account all i get is account not created
It's great!
Very bad experience after last update After recived a call in bwtween skpye the other side person can not hear my voice . Its everytime now
The best She
Crashed automatically all the time
I cant log in to this always saying that the skype is having trouble and log in error
Initial set up was difficult,did have directions
I don't understand why the sign out option is buried deep within the setting. Not everyone want to be signed in all the time. There should be an option to sign out from the main screen
Easy, fun and private. I enjoy this app better than most I just wish more of my family members would use it more. My only comaints is that sometime it's slow sending and receiving messages while on Wifi. Fix that and 5 stars easy.
I just re-downloaded text now from a year that I haven't used it when I saw the login it won't go past the enable stage for notifications so I'm going to uninstall it and give it a one
I would like to advice every body use this app it contains lot of bug which is not repaired by their team yet. A very horrible experience with this app
I love the app i used it and get free number and now am login it not working please. Fix it before i will download it that why i am not giving it 5star
uninstalled it and updated it and it keeps on crashing.
Where is your delete feature?
No notifications when getting texts. Calls were clear.
While reinstalling not able to open easily
THIS IS 3.5 stars. Every single time I try streaming and playing chef showdown but this app keeps on kicking me out of calls
Not download wrost app
Im trying to cancel my reoccurring subscription but is intentionally over complex to do so. Be aware, this app will scrape your debit account for every dollar it can. Bordeline scam
Good but need some improvement
The new ui sucks Just bring the old one back no one asked for this
I need the last seen and online Thats all
Its annoying. You cant delete old chats and is literally useless.
Constantly  have to refresh in order to get new messages sent  hours ago. Love the app...please fix.
Signal's decision to remove SMS pretty much ruins their USP to have encrypted messaging and sms with non signal users under a single UI. It's not a secure decision. It's unbelievably dumb and short sighted considering how many tech savvy users have convinced their grandmas to use this app. Suddenly next month a bunch of tech illiterate relatives will be wondering why they can't send or receive messages with their friends.
I like the app but, it loads slow, eventually when it loads I can send a text just fine. It just bothers me when I'm in a rush. Other than that it's pretty good.
TextNow is perfect at 5he end of your mobile plan when you've run out of data or minutes but can't or don't want to put more money on your phone. It covers messenger messages noteworthy and other sms services FOR FREE! Find a wifi connection, sign in and Bang! Send your message! Change your number, too!
Cannot receive texts - locks all SMS verification behind a paywall. EDIT1: I have contacted Pinger Reviews after they have reached out to me. Still waiting for a reply. EDIT2: Textfree support claims that you need to pay to receive it. I guess the developer response to my reviews its automated. My SMS is still locked behind the Text free Plus subscription paywall. My 1 star review still stands.
This game was addicting but now I can't seem to pass the level I'm on sucks because I was really enjoying the game but otherwise it's a cool game I'll give it 5 stars
Simple, effective. I like it.
Plzzz Improve all the bugs ,always it is logging out, SUDDENLY and can't login again .. as soon as possible
this app sucks
I deleted the app 3 Month ago and I redownload it again for a reason but when I relogin to my account, it says "New login location detected, please check your e-mail" even tho I put in my only one email that I always use in my other applications. Can you please fix it? Please!
Very good easy
ability to contact inernational friends.
Great App i have experienced so far
Easy to use and that's what I wanted. Thanks
I just started it. Seems good. Thank you
Very good for chatting, communication and information. But there should be a report button to explain the report for discord instead of "report abuse"
I've been having issues with Skype recently. I have a Galaxy S9 and since the September update it has been having issues showing video in picture of myself or the person I'm contacting. Multiple times we have had issues with the video not showing and call quality being nonexistent. Finally, when switching between applications the video overlay will show in the corner but the actual video will not show within it. Updates are supposed to fix usability issues, not exacerbate them.
The new layout looks so disorganised, please add an option to change back.
Sms delayed
I love talking on this app as a whole, but the new UI they released sucks so badly, just get rid of it and keep the old UI, nobody I know likes it one bit
Good morning
This app allows me to keep in touch with people across the world! I love it!
Discord app won't load messages given a strong internet connection. I'm not going to even start with the addition of horrid "AI" intellectual theft software in the app.
It used to be okay but the last few days it goes back and my chats are all gone. I can search a chat and find it but I have no notifications or chats on screen. It's my primary communication and I donate to it regularly so I'm super frustrated....
It's like down loading a virus that turns a good phone into a dragging flip phone..but it's still awesome ..will gladly rate a five after the virus no longer available with the text now app
Old discord was so much better
The app is well built in terms of the API, the GUI is limited by its feature's i suppose. Tho the encryption is the best available to the public sector, countless stories of inability to access devices through the means of law enforcement and none prevail.
This app makes my phone run extremely slow  it will take me like 10 min to send a Tex and it's force closing alot please fix
Saves my life
its a nice app but its makes my phone act really slow then I have a bunch of random people calling me saying that I called them. And I haven't even called them, so I'm getting cussed out by this random person because they think I've called them. I check my call log and the numbers aren't even on there but somehow I've called all these numbers, its ridiculous and really needs to be fixed.
Would love to see Material You color pallet use as an option in appearance
The app is great for texting but you can't text or call certain carriers but it works fine
Not fully trusted messaging system
Not. T o.o shabby
I downloaded this for my daughter to use. She loved it. Only complaint is I have purchased two sim cards and haven't received either of them.
all I know is that i like using this app it works very well for me
I just got scammed by two of you patrons and i know you won't kick them off so I'll use a different app
I only downloaded this to do an authorization text and that's not allowed apparently except in the $10 a month plan
The app wont let other people call me it just gives me a missed call
Changed phones, neither of Signal's transfer or restore functions worked. The "Transfer" service would never connect, and the back up couldn't be restored because of a continuous pass phrase error. Not ideal. The only app whose process did not work.
Very good and easy to use ,good quality
It's a good thing to have, but after awhile people were trying to call me and it wouldn't at work. Missed out on job opportunities & travel unfortunately. Photos don't send through most of the time. Plus recently calls are being dropped often. 2022 - it's been moving calls to my actual phone number which defeats the purpose.
I had trouble receiving calls at first I could hear the calling party but they could not hear me. I had to make some adjustments to my microphone after that it's been pretty good.
Can't call out all of a sudden.
Too many Hackers using this app to scam people
Free text and talk good for temp phone with wifi and usually works good
App is worthless cannot work or be trusted while it relies on another app to work.
I downloaded it for my kindle fire but very confused on adding contacts to the app.
privacy centred app i love it
Too many ads. Works pretty good. Broken app
Well I appreciate discord cause it's literally my only media platform (& I prefer it that way) but I'm there is a serious problem with forums. You see I can open a forum & it will be alright but if the original or first message associated with the forum is on my screen it instantly crashes discord. I had to uninstall & reinstall discord 3 times because of it & it's just upsetting since alot of servers are implimenting or migrating to forums. Please guys find a way to fix this. 4 stars though.
Very helpful for staying in touch with a group
My last review was about the changes to its UI which were horrible. Instead of listening to their users, they have opted to make it even worse. The mobile ui is horrendous and almost unusable. At least give us an option to change it back to the previous version.
The best.. ✌🏻
The app has always had issues but every update it gets worse. Every time I open the messages it jumps to the top. Swipe functionality was also removed. The old dark theme was also removed and the new one is painful to look at.
Newest update ruined the UI and made it confusing to find individuals. Video calls now don't use speaker mode for audio. Wff
i hate thissssss
Nice way of connection Couple of times I had no music bars but my gf ame is solid
Fix your app this is ridiculous, can't even get notifications or calls
I loved the app, but when the new layout came out it confused a lot of people including myself. My friends hates the new layout, and I have to say so do I, its supposed to be easier to navigate but it makes it a hundred times harder. I liked the old layout better or when you had the option between layouts. As much as I love discord and having it to communicate with friends, I really dislike the layout. I don't mean to be like "I'm gonna quit" but please change the layout back to the old version!
The app has issues trying to upload just one image
Whenever im calling with my friend or sharing my screen with them, my screen randomly goes black. This has been happening for the past few months, please fix this problem.
Recently I have noticed that my Signal messages sometimes take hours to be delivered. I hope that this is just due to more users and will be fixed but I haven't seen anyone report this.
THIS APP DOESN'T WORK I COULDN'T MAKE CONTACTS OR CALL ANYONE THE CALLS NEVER WENT THOUGH AND THE ADDS ARE SO ANNOYING 😡😡😡 IF YOU LIKE AN APP THAT SCAMS YOU THE GO AHEAD AND DOWNLOAD IT ALMOST GAVE MY PHONE A VIRUS 😡😡😠😠😬😠😠😠😡😠😬😬😬😬😬
I am extremely frustrated with your service at this time The last call which I answered was the most important phone call for this week. The TextNow service just DROPED the call right at the most important time of the actual conversation. Now the TextNow service is not even acknowledging the call at all. It is nowhere on the all calls missed calls . Nowhere does it even give me the ability to resort back to the call in any form or fashion. No where in any list for today's calls is it listed.
You ruined your Ui, it was fine as it was, don't fix what isn't broken.
I wish you could customize it that's the only con. Its so boring. I like every thing black and pink and it drives me crazy looking at default app setting colors and layout.. most apps let you at least choose dark mode. You guys offer nothing not even paid version. I do really love this app because it is the only one that works when you need to get a code texted to you all other apps won't let you view the text without paying.
It won't help you with password. pass!
It very useful I like it very much
Fast, the only thing, sometimes the ringtone change to other default
If there is zero like this app is fake and rubbish you can't sign up keep showing error 1602 what's the use of app you can't sign up
Why did have to bring a new UI?
It's a great app. Easy to use and it also has video call. I like it
This apps helps in communicating important information among the group.
Someone help? I have an HTC1 and the messages all go to my text inbox just like a group text. I try to open it in the app but the conversation I'm using now doesn't show up. Even though, I've used it for a different group about a year ago and the app worked fine and the messages didn't come through like texts. Any insight?
Frankly: I hate the new design. Love Skype, hate the look. It's also really slow now, for some reason, but that's more likely related to my new phone.
It ceeps saying loading when I press try and open the app forcing me to uninstall and reinstall.
Dreadful UI. That's all
This app is really convenient for instant messaging and response
Got worse with the update speaker phone has a bug ND phone call quality sucks now
I recommend if you don't have phone
Best out There !! I have tried a few encrypted apps. Signal is superior to them all. Love registration lock option. If you're looking for secured chat, stop looking and start using Signal 😉
Mobile's never been worth 5 stars. It's always been buggy. But with the new update, bugs aren't the only issue anymore. While most of it's just "different" and change can be uncomfortable, there are some things that are simply "worse" too. 1) Dark mode's too dark. My sibling has astigmatism; the new dark mode messes with their eyes. And no, light mode isn't better. 2) Things that used to be intuitive simply aren’t anymore or take too many more steps. There's obviously more, but character limits.
Cant even get me a number. I think they ran out
Used to be a pretty good app but after the new update and redesign, it's gotten terrible. Very buggy now and half the time doesn't even want to work. Pc version still works fine, but the update has made the mobile experience more painful than enjoyable.
great app 👍
Its good if it would let me in i have tried everything and it doesnt send me my veryfication email to continiue can u fix that it happens to everyone pls
Atrociously incompetent Support team, especially Trust&Safety team. And insufficient standards of triage and prioritisation. If your account gets hacked, you can expect it a permanent loss. They took 2 months to even respond to the support ticket, by which time the hacker had deleted it. And don't bother following it up with a follow up support request, as that will throw your support ticket father back in the queue. Forget about them prioritizing your safety first.
Cool.
VC is completely borked on Bluetooth devices. No amount of input and output changes fixes it. Cleared caches. Forced it closed, etc. I will try re-installing but with how broken it has been lately I don't have much faith.
App hardly ever works properly.
the new UI is too different, now I'll have to relearn everything.
The app is not always functional but most of the time it's very rapid and I appreciate that.
Great for communicating
Discord is really good and I had a really fun time but there are many toxic users in there so I recommend adding more safety features to servers, I'll rate it 5 stars if you hear my request
Sometimes didn't receive notifications about new messages. Sometimes didn't receive group chat invitations. Not a serious product.
This is a  crappy app
Well, it still works, sort of. As long as someone else signs up for signal you two can message each other. Makes NO SENSE to me but i don't work there. And i didn't make the change to downgrade the messaging app to only work here and there because you'll only find people here and there who have signal. It's bs, whoever thought it was good idea to remove the actual thing that it's supposed to do is an idiot imo. Again, want me that decided to remove signal's texting capabilities. It's really sad
it keeps crashing
Really fun to use this app love spending send my freinds and family memes while gaming
Days transfer is fast and fabulous! Signal ALWAYS gets through, no matter where. Use it all the time. Awesome.
Nice app 👍
Well I couldnt get the newer version but the old one stunk I couldnt add contacts it was so hard being able to text people it just wasnt great I hope the new one is mich better
It is a good app to used
Keeps kicking me off. Sucks can't even write a sentence. Then kicks me out again and again. Plz fix app.
I have used this app for voice chat to play and have fun with my friends I would recommend this app for people who wants to play with there friends with voice chat very nice app.
Buttons doesn't work on my Android phone .
Poor connection while connecting the calls. Voice is not audible properly .Very slow performance and loading very slowly.
Mu grand son is learning self discipline thank you
Everything is fine but lacks just one thing, A whiteboard to share with students! We are looking forward to it! A built-in skypeboard!
Never get my notifications.
Thanks for fixing the issues. Everything is working fine now.
Calls arent free
Needs to improve streaming stability
It will not let me log in
I can get over the unnecessary and abrupt UI change, but what I can't get over is how damn unresponsive the app has become since the update. I'm not even gonna get into the slow loading when trying to switch from server to server or from any server to the DM screen. Absolutely ridiculous.
Is this a chat app or a scheduling app? The event scheduling doesn't make sense. I can't start a new private chat to a group member from a group.
Transmission is interrupted at times and audio is not always clear.
Good app, I can send larger text, some bigger documents without fail, compared to standard texting
Uninstalled because IRRELEVANT notifications being sent to my phone. If it's not a call or text, how dare you bother me. Nag nag nag nag
Ever since there was a new update, the ability to send images and videos is so glitchy that it's unreasonable. Please fix this.
Was working really great, til a fee days ago. It rings but call is dropped when I answer and when I make a call, it doesnt go thru. I get an error message. Cannot connect with server and/or internet. Check conmections
The app is nice but they should add an quick account switcher like they give on desktop this will be an amazing feature for user with multiple IDs
After the most recent update on Samsung Note 8, I can no longer login into my account.
great except for the constant ads
Trying to get text now to open up problem
Very useful this app.👍
Too many people trying to scam me
Excellent tool for group texts and other communications like schedules and polls
Convenient and private
It full of glitches FIX UR APP
Absolute garbage interface. Edit: the reason being, is: Continue with Google: "Unfortunately there are no available numbers in that area code." It's my own number how is it not available? Continue with email, signup: brings me back to the area code thing. I'll change my rating to a 3 star since you are trying, and I just might be an idiot, not understanding something. Sorry that I sound like an a*hole but this app is infuriating. Best of luck.
If it was possible to give a "NO Star" rating I would! During a call it shows if there is a poor or excellent signal. I can be sitting on top of the wireless router and still have dropped calls!!! Why does it make that annoying sound when connection is lost? This app seriously needs some adjustments!!!
It is used as a daily connection with the members of my church.
In Screen share option please add Remote Controlling like Team viewer.
Last patch is really bad, can't send images in text channels any more only in private messages. Accessing search is a pain.
Great app!!
It is okay but can it plz give us more time!
Its cool
Awesome app Always helps me when I need it too!!
So-so app for free calls
it's ok could be better
Best communication app I have ever used
Loss of SMS reduces it's versatility AND credibility.
Not impressed
Calling wont go through incoming or outgoing
Wow, what happened?? You can still text your friends for free but I have to pay $10/Month for short form verification codes like from Facebook? If I don't want to give companies my phone number, why would I give YOU my debit card info? No need for it then.
It's the best app for me.. more preferable to the others and very user friendly. thanks textfree keep it up
I can't log In anymore the app is glitching really bad. I uninstalled and downloaded again, I cleared cache, allowed all permissions ,and unrestricted battery use. It still won't let me log in
Great service Great service
Discord is a great service at its core and I've been a nitro sub for years, but they're constantly fiddling with things in the app that break your muscle memory in a very frustrating way, with no option to revert back to the classic layout which resembles the desktop version. I hate cancelling my nitro & leaving negative reviews but there's no other way they'll hear your voice. I don't want to swipe right to reply, I want my search history back, and I want my dms to be where they've always been
No, no, no. You guys somehow make the app worse with every single update. the previous layout of the mobile app was perfect as it was, and nobody asked for this update. The way that the app resembled the desktop version with minor differences was perfect, but it looks and behaves like an entirely different website now. Please, do us all a favor, and stop majorly changing the way your app looks. Stop 'fixing' something that isn't broken.
Trying this keep number home emergency number love this app
The app use to work good, now the volume goes out within 2 minutes of the call.
Not gettin notifications either.
I dont know haven't been able to use it
It works for what I need it for.
It's nice having discord on a mobile device, but chill out with all the HUD updates. Each one makes me want to uninstall the app more and more. Not every little detail needs tweaking, mostly everything was working and looking just fine before a million updates were thrown in my way. And now pronouns in bios. I can't wait for the next new chatting app to uproot you.
Audio & Video calling online has stopped working. SMS text is sluggish when attempting to use emojis. The entire platform is now slow, sluggish and sometimes unresponsive! Both Android and Windows 10 OS have the same issue across all devices (and NO it's NOT my internet speed). Gone from bad to worse over the past year... 😖
Message notification not showing sometimes, messages not sending sometimes, really worst experience of mine
Doesn't work properly on MIUI
This app is really quick and does not lag. Everyone from Apple to Android users can use this app with no hangup. I will recommend this app if you want to message everyone.
Choppy when on call
Rubbish app
It keeps saying that I have one notification in the notification section of the app when I don't. I also cannot see when people tag me and mention me, even though the option for that IS on. Please fix this as it can be irritating and annoying.
Love the app but a lot of times I can't receive messages and its annoying..
It's ok and fun to have this group chat.
Why would you automatically choose phone "speaker" instead of speakers and have to change audio input when you know that phones turns off when you use phone "speaker"????
subscriber to textnow for 4 years.
This app sucks so bad it wouldn't even let me make a account never waste your time on this bad app.
I couldn't open my account I delete it but pls remove this verify by phone feature plss😟😟
extra 10+ phone calls per day, even if I don't answer them, are too
Won't let me upload videos Google pixel 3xl. Keep getting the retry message. Also tried from my laptop and received a file not supported message. I am on theoat recent version. Not sure why it isn't working.
So this app froze and me and my friend couldn't use it anymore so I tried uninstalling it and reinstalling it and logging back on but the app just froze up again I hope this gets fix really soon or else we will have to change to a different app.
I can never get a number from my home state of Hawaii and its annoying, I don't want another number I want Hawaii, friends and family won't answer no other area code that's not Hawaii
Getting worse with each daily update on 2 different devices: doesn't push notifications; even when it does, notification opens to missing text, asks to 'update your profile' a lot (waste of time to go to app) and now it won't load some earlier messages. Looking into other apps at this point, this one is 5 thumbs down 👎👎👎👎👎
You should Update your ragistar thing😡😡
Messages take forever to download
used to be 4 stars; janky, but functional, and a strong connecting point for my friends and communities. lost a star for making tone-deaf fundamental changes to the platform (like the mobile UI redesign) despite widespread community backlash.
This is the most confusing app to use if you're unwilling to let them access your contacts! I only wanted this app to video chat with my mom, who also downloaded the app, yet it won't connect us unless we allow it access to all of our contacts! No thanks, we'll find another app.
I'm not receiving a message from Instagram for a code
Great a little tricky for some reason to set up some servers but it's pretty we worth it
Upload polio it opportunity love 💕💕 it oo poo in is o u
works properly. This would be a 5 star app if this were fixed.
New and still learning
I just text on it but so far it is great
Can't beat it !
Great app 👌
The video is very stable.. nice one
New app is extremely buggy
This is the perfect app that I was looking for
Update is trash
Great app for getting and putting out team information
A bug is there that make emoji not work we cant even serce for emoji
I really like the app
Let's me communicate with others using different platforms easily.
Hi, new review here. Notice how it's still one star? That's cause once again, an outage has occured. And I've tried everything to fix it, but no, discord is not working still. I'm not paying $99 a year for an app that is barely stable and breaks every update.
Makes a notification sound during a chat while the app is open.. I hate that
refuses to let me turn on my camera evrn after i enabled it
I can't tag ppl in groups, this issue should be fixed by now. I reported that issue a year ago.
The version 209.14 UI is god awful. It's just ugly and simplified down to the point that it's more complicated to find stuff. As of writing this, it's been and hour and I still can't find the member list for servers. For the love of God, change it back please
It's good it's nice it's a very wild ride. So far all's good for having a community or friends around here
Its too complicated a seriously to mad just on the beginning because its too complicated it dumb and stupid
Its a nice app but for andriod its not really okay
App doesnt work properly and the worst customer service I ever received. Huh
It's a great way for a school class group of parents to keep in contact about the details of special events throughout the year. Easy to ask questions or share information, pictures, and videos with other group members.
After update it has become very glitchy fix that first
Latest mobile is completely horrible. Please go back to what we had previously.
What happened to the overhead camera it's gone on the app on PC version now I don't know if I'm in the call or out of the call and when I share me screen I can share the sound
Really good with a bunch of useful features. My issue is that it glitches too much. I will be in one channel, and switch to another channel, but it will still show me the messages from the first channel.
Eh, it's Discord
Garbage if you spend your money for minutes. After buying 400 minutes, the app automatically changed my number and stole my money. Do not pay!
01. Auto speaker mode, who needs loudspeaker be default? There's no settings to disable it either. 02. It shows the call, sometimes it doesn't allow me to pick up 03. Does not turn off phone screen automatically. -3 points. Solve nd get 5 again
This app is awesome & please, dont Chang a thing!!!
hate the new ui
Client management very easy. I like the screen share option.
I just set up this app, gave my new Text Free number to important contacts, asked them to "test call" the number... and infuriatingly, the Text Free number DID NOT RING, so I could not answer the calls(!). Instead, all calls were sent to voicemail(!) even though I turned off that "feature"😣 in settings!! What's worse, the voicemail messages were NOT even recorded! This app is a maddening mess! I don't expect a free, adware/spyware VoIP app to function like a Swiss watch, but it should work!
I think they are trying their best to help us GOD BLESS!!!
Simply doesn't work. Each release of Skype bloats the app and now messages just sit with a spinner. The one thing Skype should be able to do, send a message, is broken.
worx sometime then dont for a while NOT recommended
Discord Add monki
The mobile app does not do what it's supposed to do there's nothing but call you about a grief and lead to your bank account
I am the admin. When I send a direct message to someone in my group I cannot see the message once sent and a banner says start the conversation. Very frustrating.
free calls and texts as long as you have wifi
better performance now, still nowhere near the old ui speed though :( hopefully it improves in a couple years.... lol
If I didn't have to use it because of my community, I wouldn't. You have download a video 10 times to succeed, and you can't save it at all. It automatically turns off wifi. It's just awful.
It's good. I can talk not only with friends but with community's too. But I'm experiencing where images I send show up bigger then I inspected and appears glitched
i missed the simple days minimalist design
Great to use when your in a pinch and can't get your regular service minutes to work!! Thank you text free I was able to check my voicemail, call businesses, landlines all numbers you can't call when using messagner, Snapchat and other apps.
I don't like that people I don't have any connections to, message me.
Easy to use, simple to customize. Lots of permissions, though
Discord is great, and I've used it for years, but I recently got the update with the new UI, and I really dislike it. If there's a way to go back to the old one I'd change my review to probably 4 or 5 stars
It's an okay app for quickly starting in touch with a small group. I personally don't like a running feed, especially where the comments ebb and flow from day to day. I would prefer to "REPLY" to comments of my choosing, especially if I don't get to respond immediately - and by the time I do, the conversation had already shifted. I also do NOT like being UNABLE TO EDIT any message - or again, post an immediate "reply" to my original post to correct anything. Okay, I guess I don't like the app...
It was great at first. Until I couldn't receive any messages unless I wait for like an hour or more or restart my phone.
Removing SMS support is an unwise decision. This app served as a single platform for both secure and insecure contacts. Without SMS it will be yet another separate chat app no one will use. I plan on uninstalling once that happens.
It's ok. Would like to add blur or green screen to the video Skype call. Also, voices are having feedback issues.
Works well, app works great on Linux desktop distros (rare), but interface and emojis need an upgrade. Feels a bit like an app from 4 years ago.
Really neat, the participants block some part of the view. It'd be better if they're one different section.
Good app ever
it is fine
If I lose the code number, no way to find it
Overall great app, but I cannot call or text a 1 800 numbers
This app sucks you can't get Verification codes unless you pay for it BS
Works great when it works, but every once in a while crashes my phone, forcing it to restart.
Clear my screen online Wi-Fi of and others in to my Dada
We had an successful Surprise Birthday for my moms 80th! The secret was intact because this APP allowed the family to communicate and plan this event with memories that will endure and last for a lifetime.
Functionally has dropped substantially over time, both on the mobile app, and on desktop. Bugs are far more common over time, and most require closing the app and relaunching, sometimes multiple times, to try to fix them. The app used to be very good, with very few issues. That's just not the case anymore.
Hello Skype Please update bug and this technical issue because this number doesn't work
How do I get it and is it on my phone
It is very good to talk to your friends, and no adds.
Forever missin calls and texts, many times I have friends call me on here and my phone doesn't even ring despite WiFi/Data on. Once this is no longer an issue I will change to 5 stars
The UI is not smooth, sometime crashes or hanging.
The privacy feature is wonderful. And it is easy for me to sing to my sweetheart on this platform. 2 thumbs up !
No problems thus far
very usefull App
It wouldn't let me call
It's good, I use it to store stuff and talk to my friends it has some glitches but nothing to bad
show online of friends
It works when it wants to... Im not too happy that I cant reach people out of state though. I HAVE FAMILY IN DIFFERENT PARTS OF TGE WORLD!
Im getting alot of spam and i dont even gove out my free texting app
I absolutely am disappointed with the new update. Super confusing and hard to use after years of basically simple swipe left or right discord for servers dms and people. Please give a rollback for the older version would be very nice
I tryed to call 911 but i could'nt because i had to wait for the ads to finish .
Honestly, this app has helped me out of a bit of a tight spot. I lost my job and was suddenly unable to afford my phone bill so I did some searching for cheap phone plans. This popped up, seemed too good to be true, but I bit the bullet and ordered their SIM. Service is satisfactory, ad's aren't intrusive and everything works as it should with no dropped calls or missed texts.
50/50 its great until you have to pay for certain features
This is better then other app but need some advance features wich can make it very best aap
THIEF!!! HAMAS APP BULLIES YOU TO PAY!!!
Cannot install, just not uploading
Simple and secure.
Edit: Can we please stop adding in features nobody wants while removing good features? --- Recent business decisions have forced me to remove my positive review. The app doesn't have functionality I consider essential and will be looking for a replacement.
I thought the app was great when I got it it works great then after 2 months it started going slow when my friend trys to send me a text I have to log out and log back in I'll give it a 2 star
I have to uninstall and reinstall on a regular basis. Its a bit frustrating but its free.
I just log out to my main account then i created a new account but when i gonna log in to my main account it says "Login or password is invalid" i tried so many times and i can't log in then i try to log in to my new account i can't log in either cause it's saying the same thing pls fix this i need my account back
I'd love to give pinger 5 stars but there's a huge flaw in the programming. I see now that if you text from the computer and text from your phone later the messages won't be there. Even if I refresh my phone, restart it, turn it off.. My messages are gone. Only showing messages from the past few days. I had to download the old text free just to see what my friends were texting. Please fix this and I'll fix your rating Pinger!
I hsve tp redrt my phone. From a shut down, alot. To get this app to make calls.
I have been using signal for years and it works pretty well despite the occasional hiccups. I'm still not sure if I trust it though. Lots of financial ties to questionable entities. Anyting tied to your phone number is not truly private. And there are way too many large updates. Who knows what is being changed. Back doors?
The app is lagging too much when i go to other server And, my friends got free nitro for month why i dont have it?
Wont assign me a number
Disabled my account for no reason, when I create a new one, it automatically shows as disabled too. The appeal form says 'multiple entries not allowed' even though I only tried to submit one.
Works great until it fails to send messages to a group for 10+ hours (if it sends at all).
Wants you to pay to use their service. Limits certain types of texts behind a monthly paid subscription.
i like this app i can call and text people for free but, its kind of annoying how when i get calls or texts it dosnt show up on my screen it just shows the notifcationd in my notfi box and when i get calls i have a limited amount of time even when they dont answer i still loose minutes.
Demands I sync contacts from my personal phone. Update: Went to give it another shot. Now I'm banned from using it for leaving a 1 star review. 🤣
I want to know how many people can talk voice simultaneously on the meeting room channel . Means the limit is how many people?
The latest update changed the layout and it's really bad and inconvenient. For anyone else who, like me, is angry at the new layout, don't worry, YOU CAN CHANGE IT BACK. Simply go to your settings, then in appearance, then switch off "new layout". It's still pretty sad i had to go looking around instead of getting actual help from the app review customer service.
update, after update it keeps pushing for the same update....not sure what
Great. Just switched to Android my family uses apple, and I'm not allowed to use WhatsApp. So I use signal with my dad it works GREAT 👍🏻
Good app. But random reset destroyed my entire chat history. Backup didn't work.
Photo quality is superb doesnt look like they degrade the quality
New update is atrociously un-user friendly. just changing things for the sake of changing things. Android users, you can find APK's to install old versions online, I would highly recommend
This Is a good app were i talk with my friends in the server But it is a bit confusing
They've completely butchered the layout and made the app completely unusable
New update lot of bugs
The appis cool but how i wish they can add to the upgrade like what's app did so you can block some numbers from calling that will be cool, just add block calls to the profile so you won't get unnecessary calls
This app isn't working. Gets stuck.
Complicated
The app is great but if you are going to force the user to get Nitro it's not great Explanation: if i try to sent a video in a server of file size 3 mb it says file too powerful more than 8 mb and tells us to buy Nitro Like why discord why
You just destroyed what made your app appealing in the first place. The latest update contains none of Discord's previous originality or functionality now. I am very disappointed.
It's 👌
when im just searching up names it crashes after writing two letters. Why?
So far so good and light
If you have an Android phone dump this MS garbage and install Google Duo.
Fgjfp if do so that in go to in sleep
Great app for call an texting
The update just ruined it. Good luck trying to keep subscribers.
It takes long to use and when you text it spell the word twice
Luv this! So far, no discappts!
Why is there an ugly overlay over my screen when I'm in a call? Overlay is fine but at least give me the option to close or hide it without dropping the call.
I liked this game very much. Really good game.
Not been using Signal long so need to learn more about it's features (not always easy) but happy so far.
Will rate later! Hoping good things!
I've been using it for months with only couple issues but this morning it deleted 100 percent of my messages and about 30 contacts....with zero way of retrieving them.... Almost 2 years worth of messages and contacts gone over night. Beyond upset
Good app but you cannot receive text only calls
It was working great for a long time, as of right now it won't let me log in and keeps logging me out over and over again.
profiles of new contacts. Really kills the functionality of the app.
Annoying Skype news notifications. Let us turn off these annoying notifications by Skype news notifications. I don't want to be forced to listen to your political point of view.
Something is big time wrong with this app above and beyond it's normal quirks. It's showing the same chat log for multiple different servers and messages.
I was banned quickly from this app for no reason other than I tried logging in from different browsers and was having issue. No VPN, IP is not blacklisted. For this reason alone, I consider this app worthless as it's unreliable.
I had over 100 minutes & you took my number I only didn't use it for a few days what's up with that !?? You're usually pretty despite the bad reception but that was not cool
Tried to SMS numbers who were serviced by Movistar, Porta, and even Alegro. No Luck. I dialed with 011+ 593-CELL# & without 011 just 593-CELL# and nothing still. USA SMS is fine but not the reason I downloaded it for.
App is dependable and easy to pop up on screen.
Its okay I don't like the fact that I need points or whatever it is called and it has too many ads other than thats its great
Not work in Bangladesh
No way that I have seen to edit contacts picture or number if they change numbers. Other than that, call quality has always been good for me.I will most likely keep for an extra number. Also, it is a good one to download to an extra device so one can find their phone if a misplace happens.
Someone sends a message, and it takes 10 to 60 minutes to get to me. Internet connection is stable (apps like whatsapp pose no problem? Contacted costumer support and they have been unsupportive.
I just lost a phone number Is bad for six months. No warning, just gone and the app says I don't have an account. Not a good day for Text Now I just had it happen again! My tablet crashed, I went out and bought a new phone, downloaded all the saved apps and data, I thought. Nope my text now app won't allow me to log on. The only choice was to get a new number. I really hate this feature/benefit of the company.
I Ben ask to come here
Do not install. There's malware from their ads that will automatically install on your phone.
Dummiest app I ever used! I have sign in problem verrrry single time I used Skype. I can not change my phone number!!!! I had to verify my identity multiple time by now. It is a baaaaad user experience.
Since the upgrade, It is horrible with phone calls out going & incoming. On incoming I  don't even receive them anymore, and when you make an out going call that requires you to use the key pad THE KEY PAD DOESN'T  WORK AT ALL. I HAVE PUSH 1-0 AND NOTHING HAPPENS. Very DISAPPOINTED...  This is all I have rite nowfor calls. Since  UPGRADE, bad on text now too. I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED but, Would not recommend this...
Why I cannot logging this I hate this apk
Maybe this is the best app for messaging I've used so far 🤍
Keeps getting deleted off my phone
Useful and easy to use
This app is for teens and older adults. I am 76 and it was. Easy for me. I just do not care to invite other people. That is for the younger group.
Weekly my account is becoming signout but good app
since the last update, they have completely changed how the app works-- and not for the better. you now have to go into 2 different menued to pm someone, whereas before you only had to press *one* button. I would love to have that back. I'm to acoustic for this big of a change.
Litterally cannot be uninstalled. Just went to uninstall it and it showed me it was being uninstalled then jumped to "open" and "update" Forced software on devices is litteral a garbage.
I can't get back into chats after I uninstalled and reinstalled the app. Customer service isn't very helpful either.
its A Great App Need Work On video, audio and messages, connection issues and over lapping video for audio now And Then! Also Hangs Up Sometimes But Otherwise Good!
The app is good just that I have to exit/close to read other peoples messges
The app is very good but after the update my app keeps crashing for no reason
it was great for 2 hours than all of a sudden the app closes and wont let u reopen less u uninstall and download again
I dont mind this app, but the ads are getting too annoying specially when I'm on calls. The ads unmute themselves and interrupts my conversations.
Works very well although it appears you can only use it on one device at a time.
Can't receive pictures so its not goood at all! Fix this and the app would be much better
Ads
Needs an update for better calling. Service, its not good,
We happy have Signal. Very easy to use. Thank you.
Good but need morr development & update to can see the status & seen like whatsApp
Great experience every use
Does what it says, but never got the free 60 mins?? And also a lot of the time I try and call it wont complete because of a poor connection and when it does work the call breaks up. As well as when you send a text it will fail but once you retry then it sends. Although, I'd say maybe like a third of the time it will have a great connection. So all in all, I am somewhat happy enough with this app that I will still continue to use it for at least a little bit longer, thats only if though nothing gets worse.
Can't get the number I was using back
Canceled my weekly subscription.... now many times a day a notification that appears over everything saying can't get payment... ya because I Canceled it...... I Uninstalled and reinstalled as developer told me to do. Doing that stopped the notification but forced me to choose a new number.
More than 90 percent of the time I don't get immediate notifications which is rather annoying.
I like discord usually. But the mobile app has been becoming increasingly more glitchy since the update. I mean like channels not showing up my app randomly closing, it's a really huge inconvenience
It would be nice to have some more interactive features like lists, notes, polls that give the options to add items. Example: family members who are planning a gathering need an interactive checklist with the option of adding item as they go. A topic tag line to group messages would be good too. So you don't always have to create new groups.
Have never used skype before and now i have i think thats how i'll ve making my calls fron now on
It was Great app and has soo many security features .I loved it but the descion to kill sms surport makes it less useful than it was
I canr log back into my account it only says sign in no log in and I tried my account on sign in and I didn't work
Its glitchy and won't update on my phone, and won't except some calls because of that, I tried looking up how to update but everything I tried didn't work
sometimes it works sometimes it don't
Everything is good except 1)Sending video will compresses itself and became currupt, audio became 0.5x and not sync with video 2) plz add gallery options, other then signal default gallery Dear team plz solve
Very Good app but I am facing calling issue since last update ...please sort this issue....
This new update is the worst
Rediculously frustrating! Froze my whole phone every time I tried to make a phone call. Lagging, won't hang up, have to take my battery out to exit the app, and won't let any calls go through after the second call I made after installing this app. Takes a million years for my texts to go through! Waste of time and space.
It would be alright, except you can't copy and paste from messages. It's suppose to help you communicate with people, but doesn't let you copy and paste part of a message? Got a restaurant name you want to share? Too bad, you're pasting that whole message into Google maps. Gah.
I like TextNow I really in joy
Normally i would rate this app or anything like it at 3, 4 stars however there seems to be a bug that im pretty sure was introduced in one of the updates. The bug: in dms only, images can get sent and are visible until i go to zoom in or view by selecting an image. At which point, it greys out. I didnt have this issue before.
Plenty room for improvement! Does often what it wants not what I set it up to do.
I think there's a bug which is can't hear sometime when its on call
I use discord to text all of my friends but this new layout update SUCKS. stop changing the layout when you could be fixing the glitches and improving the voice calls and voice notes.
Why my account sending harem group to group-and my friend
Somehow my app updated and now I hate it cuz of this new ugly ui
It was working and i got a phone number once but now it's not working any longer 😡😡
App is very, very slow, takes a minute to change between pages, it takes ages to get loaded. A poor app.
This app is nice for social interacting, but sometimes it has annoying bugs. In the new update, when you click on a server too quickly and then switch to another sever the chat from the other server is still gonna be there and to remove it you have too close the whole app. And the second one that's actually very very annoying me is the one when you try and log back in it says "Oops you caught an ultra rare error" and it doesn't let me log in. Please do something about this.
Can't even make a account
This app stinks!!! I can't make phone calls unless I am connected to wifi even after I have spent almost 50 bucks for a subscription plus money on the phone and money to have it ad free. I only paid so much because I wanted the talk and data which doesn't work. Will never recommend this app
Didn't let me connect to some of the chats
The app is alright but it can use some updates. It goes in-&-out even with excellent wifi. And I can't activate my sim card. Everytime I click "active your sim card", it takes me back to what I was on before I clicked, "active your sim card". But it's alright because it still let's me make calls, even if it's 10 minutes later. Warm regards, Alexis Smith 🫀🫶🏾 !
kindly please add urdu language...
I think its an otaye app
Stopped loading images completely.
Putting ads right where i need to select something is really messed up. Just trying to text a few people becomes very frustrating.
Giving it another shot..
Great app, always improving since day of launch. Devs really working their asses off and it shows.
Fil hal to App achi trah chl ri ha
Just as easy to use as any standard messaging app, plus it's more secure.
This is the WORST and SLOWEST most Ad filled piece of garbage you will ever use Just get text now instead of this garbage app. So garbage
I enjoy the app everywhere but my tablet, it makes me hold alt and enter at the same time to send a message and then it makes me touch the dialog box to start typing another message. Very annoying.
I was a happy signal user, and then they killed SMS integration and introduced Stories. Congratulations on making your app a poor clone of other dead social media.
Excellent and my favorite
It's pretty good I can chat with my friends
It needs some more work but it's good , the design is very (telegram /whatsapp) like but I feel it can change
Compare to other video quality of Skype is much better!
It was working fine but now it says error please check connection when  I have an internet connection that works because I use the internet on my phone with it, im not getting notifications anymore,and messages are coming in very late...please fix I enjoyed the services when they did work..once it is working again ill give a 5 star...
Even after 7 years this app is still glitchy, slow on mobile and filled with bugs. Bad UX
Don't really use it enough so im not the best person to ask sorry
The new User Interface sucks and is unbearable to look at
the new UI is horrible. why change what worked so well before? the mobile app used to be the same as the desktop app which is SUPER easy to navigate!
Its ok for free, but to many problems, like messages messing up, pictures not showing, etc. not to mention  I cant call and it says it has that..
I can't open the app now, is any problem do you have? Please explain why. I really need to answer the text that I missed from this afternoon.
Ringtone doesn't always work. Tested once, didn't ring. Changed it, Tested, and then it worked. Notifies of missed calls however, and great to text.
The new UI update has completely ruined the user experience and I do not recommend it to anyone anymore. Find an alternative.
Has been getting slower and slower, Devs should focus on stability rather than more features
Pretty good app....I mean it is a Wi-Fi messaging & calling app so yeah it's pretty good. I don't like that you only have a certain amount of minutes for calling,that sucks!
Its okay it can have its lagging times but other than that its okay
I'm sorry but the new design isn't very good. The old design was far easier to work with for mobile users.
LOVE IT. GREAT
It is very good
I enjoy talking and texts for free like Who weren't! Great experience with this app
It decent, not as good as other apps but pretty good.
Old-fashioned app that still refuses to support Google login despite the year being 2023. Even the other sign-in method (email/phone # & password) does not work. Update the UI.
TextNow, yes Sir, that's what's up. Great App thank you for the appreciated work you guys have done!! Sincerely, J.$imon
not bad . does the job. and free.
I just signed up for the first time right now and it won't give me an area code. What am I supposed to do.
Hello The program has a lot of problems, please improve it, I can't do it
Okay if you were debating changing your password on Discord keep prepare the Bang Your Head On The Wall also no resetting your password will not help you at what started the problem I had
Okay so I really love this app and have been using it for such a long time but for the past couple months I'll try to go on the app it'll say I have no connection but my wifi will be at full bars and everything else works and this will go on for a couple days so I can't answer texts or even look at them for at LEAST 2 days or more- I'm not sure if this is a problem with my device or not but I just thought I should say something
It's great as a messaging app, but it glitched out my phone, if I put my hand or a finger to swipe or anything at the top left of my screen the whole thing would go black. I use it occasionally but the was annoying af
New update made everything hard
It is a great resource for keeping family and friends together.
Consistent and simple.
The notifications do not always pop up, it could be the app or my phone
number..how can i retrieve my skype?
Nice interface, but frequent CPU usage causes battery drain. Uninstalled. - DroidX 2.2.1
Unable to post photos in the chat when it worked previously. Says message failed every time. App is updated.
I have used discord for years now and find the new privacy policy outrageous. If this stays in place I will not be updating the app and may find a new service. Sharing our private messages with any authorities is unacceptable.
This App is not working properly in Android device many lag experience
This apps is very amazing..
Got a college phone call app decided to get its advertisement of reverse number and amother two making me lose my call, if i get my number reserved i will still get advertaismennts
Very useful and easy to use!
CANT EVEN OPEN THE APP AFTER INSTALLING IT
Lets me send & receive sms but doesnt open conversation. jumps to startup screen, then to conversation list back to startup screen. archos gen8 tablet
It was good before but the new update is just crazy bad.
worked fine until now. messages not loading. deleted and reinstalled. now it won't let me log in! DOES NOT WORK on my pixel 7.
Great and convenient
Texting is not free. You should be suited for false advertising. This app is a SCAM
Make group comms so easy between our work group
I can't text messages but I can receive it,Pretty weird,And when I tried to update it didn't work at all,please help.
Wonderful way to communicate with staff and coworkers
"This app doesn't support the latest version of Android." I'll come back when Signal arrives in 2023. 🙄
Gets the job done. Not bad for a free line
[UPDATE] I set the auto delete feature for 1 week on 1 person and 1 day on another. Both stopped working in August. It deletes the other person on my end, but my messages are still there. [OLD REVIEW] Seems decent, but as mentioned before, you can't delete your messages for everyone in chat after a certain amount of time passes; it becomes permanent. You can delete your messages on your end, but the other person keeps your messages.
It was fine even with the ads but now there are ads that open windows in the middle of calls and end the call. It barely works now. Just use something else.
I wish I could give a 9.5 out of ten...I understand that bugs will happen...only reason I didnt give 5 Love the service for voice calls while gaming, chatting, chilling roleplaying and many things ...love using Discord just sometimes have issues that are easily fixed by restarting the app or checking settings after an update!!
Great app, except sometimes I can't hear people and they can't hear me and I need to reinstall the app alot
It works, but it hasnt changed in 20 years, or added anything cool during the pandemic, so, when you feel like taking your eyes off Whatsapp, send a message to an old friend via Skype, you may get a reply in a couple of years when they possibly check their account. Oh, of course, its a Microsoft app, hence the lack of innovation and vision...
it's a great system for a second phone number
Can't login what happen? Keep sending me ultra error and ask me to verify again and again
new layout is unfriendly and aggrivating. no option to switch to old layout.
This app is so slow i cant stand it i had to delete it it was so badd it want even send any picture messeges why is that?it is horable it nedd fixed really bad
At least when the gaming community was dependent on using Skype and functioned through apps similar to Skype, apps like such mentioned actually came through and delivered with the basic "calling" function or "group chat" function. Discord's management and processing "looks" purposefly careless with how they barely address criticism and critique with merit, validity, and a genuine response. Quick to take hoards of money & slow to make much happen or address issues is laziness if you ask me.
Awful app. Constantly disconnecting, can't watch streams, awful connection, constant robot voice, won't load messages properly. Discord phone app is awful now. PC app is fine. New design is also awful, can't access message properly, can't even swipe to see members online in servers. The app is a hassle and chore to use. 2/5 only because PC app is great.
The app is extremely laggy and the ads are overwhelming.
Does what it says
Perfect until they removed sms, now its unusable
Ever since the app had an UI update, I've never gotten on time notifications. My messages NEVER LOAD when I un tab and re tab back into it. If I want to see the latest messages, I have to keep reopening this darn app. It's pitiful that I have to be forced to use this low maintenance design of an interface... I'll decide to give back my 5 star review if we're able to switch between user interfaces that properly function.
Good platform for game
You have a problem in the signal application
this new interface is god awful on older phones constantly having to restart discord so the screen can be the correct resolution getting real pissy
Very handy
Going ahead with removing SMS was a bad decision. The app is useless to me now. Have deleted my account.
I'm so confused. I paid for number so I could get confirmation #'s. But, im still not getting any. Can you please help. Thank you
i try to payment for purchase balance for pakistan but again and again msg some thing went wrong. very very bad service not any proper support to solve issue. kindly check and help my id is owais.aslam1
Useful 2nd number for work
New UI is terrible not because of how it looks or the move of dms to the bottom but because of the bugs and sluggishness
Some times the adds pop up in the middle of people trying to call an i miss the call which is frustrating an i cant get voicemails which sucks but on the other hand calling itself is good an so is texting it always gives me notifications which is nice but i dont like that u cant send pictures to people otherwise love the app maybe do a update
Began adding lots of superficial features such as stickers and 'story time' that I find useless, and with the announcement that they'll be dropping SMS support I no longer see the point of Signal for the average user. Barely anyone in my contacts list uses the app so it's not worth keeping as an encrypted messenger. On exporting messages to a new app I chose to delete the SMS from Signal, leaving me with 3 'conversations' (one of which was Signal advertising new features). That says it all.
I quite like it, I doesn't usually lag and I usually meet friendly people on there.
Please let us turn off the donation requests. I'll donate if I want to. This annoying reminder just makes it less likely for me to donate.
Cant even properly verify my number, the country code keeps changing to +1 everytime it tries to send verification
I'm extremely displeased with the latest update. It's changed everything I like about the app. What is even the point?????
Don't waste time. The minute you get a text, you can't read it till you upgrade. Deleted, so STUPID. You came here to give a vague stupid answer to my review knowing that I won't be allowed to reply to it. No this has nothing to do with being verified. It happens right after the verification has completed the minute a text arrives. So those of you who don't like their times wasted, stay away for your own good
It sucks it wont even let me make a call and i have done everything
Does everything I expect a messenger app to do, thanks for keeping privacy free
I used to have a great time with the mobile app, but recently there's been formatting issues where all of the popup bars for Server Settings or when you click on someone's profile is very thin and off-resolution. Not sure what the deal is but it makes a solid half of the app unusable.
It's great phone ,good quality
App used to work fine. Now it locks up my phone, opens by itself, keeps freezing up when it will open. Using text now instead and works like a pro. 👌
The subscription process is quite misleading. Unsubscribing is very difficult.
I like this app but I hate the new layout .
Can't attach large files...but otherwise a good application for messaging.
This is very nice app for gaming and chating
It keeps kicking me out of my account it keeps saying error code whan I try to login can fix it
Am new to this app but it's user friendly.
Nice app for gaming
Great app overall, but heres one problem, most of the time someone's camera in calls never loads in and it would often say "internet unstable".
I've had to remake my account 3x because it keeps being deleted. I haven't requested it be deleted but keeping getting emails that indicate otherwise. Supports solution? Remake the account. Again and again and again... if you don't need this for work, use ANY other messaging app.
serious thumb calisthenics to move that floating window around so I can see
Straight
New layout sucks. Such a pain to see user list and get to DMs now.
Taking out its SMS message access will remove most of Signal's usefulness.
notifications. However I needed to make a call while on holidays and bought
Would be nice if there was room with the ads to text much. In the play store the ad shows a more chat usable thing. It's not 2 little lines between 2 large ads... Not cool!
Spam phone number
Every time I enter my area code it says error occurred try again later. I even turned off my location and uninstalled it and it's still not working. I don't know what to do
I can talk with my friends
Very flaky app. Stops giving real time notifications and have to reinstall every few weeks
Can't block the other person in the chats, & it should remove contact also
Cant get a number in nevada apparently. App to me seems completely fake, probably just an app to steal info.
Zero complaints on my end. Time will tell, so far so good..
Not an app I prefer to use being bad reception seems to be a problem no matter what
Verify pin not working, no sms from the app.
Very nice app and fast speed using.
i rarely get notifications and my videos and pictures dont ever upload.
Has some minor errors but overall very satisfied
It flickers non stop and wont let me text or call without having to pull a magic trick out my hat to hopefully get it to work
manually enter everyone's phone number. Annoying, but still usable. What
Layout - I don't like the update. EDIT - you still refuse to listen to your audience with the change of UI. 1-star forever. If I didn't like the PC application so much I'd stop using this.
Whats up with Signal doing away with the sms function for encryption only?!? The beauty of this app is that you have both encryption and can use the functionality of sms for those that dont have signal so I can use it as my main messaging app. Soon to lose the sms function is a big downer for the app in general. Listen to your users and don't get rid of the sms function!
TextNow has hijacked my accounts by requiring a fee to get your two party verification codes. I used it as a back up for iphone now I'm locked out. This is extortion.
No longer supports SMS 👎
i found a new bug in that the 3 dots is not their on my new s4 active so i got to ininstall and re install when i want to log off or on and their is no settings either
Discord learned NOTHING about Skype when it died, forcing updates users don't want will alienate them.
Best private messaging ever, I live it's mission, I wish this app the best
I'm pissed cause I put money on my text now number to speak with my wife whole she locked and yall don't except collect call so i need my money off your number so that i may put the money on another phone number so I can speak with my wife
The updated UI interface is incredibly frustrating! once I launch the app, it gets stuck loading indefinitely. Despite not making any changes, I had no choice but to uninstall due to the persistent loading issue. After reinstalling, logging in remains impossible as it continues to be stuck in the loading phase.
Previous version have option to delete which i send files by mistake which i didnt find in new version.. i would like to reupdate this app and give that option to delete files like images etc which i send to other person
Bought a credit, not working the app is crashing and asking to buy credit again
Best app I've found so far to use when my phone was out of mins
I love it. Sadly, after the update I can't upload ANY pics 😢 And I've restarted my phone - no luck.
The app is great for text messages and that's it.  Incoming calls your mic gets cut off minutes into the call.
I use signal everyday but will now have to remove it from my phone. I use this app for both my regular sms and encrypted messaging but now its loosing the sms ability and thus will loose me as a user. I wish i didn't have to find a new app for my texting and encrypted messaging. I cant get all my contacts to use signal and im not going to have 2 seperate texting apps.
Good app to have if u have bo service
works great when my phone runs out of service but it would be nice if I could connect my phone number to the account so people know who I am and I don't have to explain why I'm using a new number if it weren't for that it would be 5 stars but until then I am only giving 3
It's nice and all but I got a few things u GOT to no alright let get it , so first off ads pop out so much and I get random numbers and it's glitchy and slow and the calls they barely here me and the text sometimes don't if send IMEDIATELY so if ur haveing to agree with me ty cus PLS FIX THIS in losing my mind with these ads omgosh
Since the update I've had nothing but problems. I belong to two servers and they are intermingling with each other. I'm having to force the app to stop several times a day. Dislike the new layout, search function for something on a particular subject e.g searching on a word now seems to be null and void. Also not being able to see who's on line with a quick swipe of the screen is annoying and extremely time consuming. Please revert back to version before the update!
Wont stay running..
Always freezes sometimes don't get messages want work half the time and call quality is absolutely horrific.
The new swipe to reply update wasn't and never was needed in the first place and the fact it replaced a useful feature is just a huge step back. I now have to drag my thumb to the top right corner of my screen to press the members button to see who is active, instead of a simple swipe left gesture. Please revert this silly update.
It's a great app but every since I updated I haven't been able to see or use my emoji
I don't know but text now is so much better
I use this app on an Android to communicate with my son's baseball team but couldn't find any visual notification option and was missing lots of important messages. There's no way to tell if you have a new message unless you open the app and check. I'm guessing the iOS version has these options. So, instead of using the app I just forward all messages to SMS that way I don't miss anything.
Tf is this new iu
Better than any other message app
This app is such a nightmare!
Very good but i think that there are improvements to protective measures thar need to be made, also why are the english and welsh flags emojis but not the norther irish or the welsh? The welsh have a dragon on theirs and it's epic.
Easy calls,
that TextFree can't send to short code#'s, only phone numbers, if that
Love the encryption but backup is miserable... upon reinstalling the app, it could be a challenge to restore backups
You Should Do Something With Having Someone Send A Picture To The Email Thing Cause Most Of The Time Its Complicated. At The Moment Its Not Working ? But It Works Really Good I Wish You Didn't Need Internet For It But Anyway. Updates???
fast and reliable
I tried to create a new account and everything is smooth. Until, when I tried to verify myself that I'm not a Robot, it's saying that I need to verify myself. The irritating part is, I tried it for 10 times? The bad thing, it is in the loop. I'm disappointed.
This app works on iPad it awesome
For the past month my incoming texts havent popped up! Ever since the one update. Now i have to go in the app and keep refreshing it to get incoming texts. It has been a great app up untill this last month!
Easy a secure.
It's really a joy to have privacy
Pretty good 🤠
Its constantly getting stuck and all calls are ended and its freezing all the stupid time that if this happens again I will uninstall this app and take my happiness somewhere where it can be used but this app did not satisfy me at all so it will need more work!
Please fix AMOLED mode not working
No setting to Block unknown number.
Noce app
Textnow the best ever
Great app for people without data plans, needs improvements. I enjoy using this app however i am confused as i have been paying yearly for about 3 years to have the same number and to be ad free, however using the same number i am paying for on a new device i am bombarded with ads. I still have the same number but now have ads again which confuses me on what i am paying for?.
I've been using this for 2 years now. It's good for the price (free) but I'd never pay for it. There are way too many issues. Often, it'll hanf when I try to call. Currently, when someone sends me a text, I'll receive it but but it won't put it in order in text list.
to show notifications. I have checked my settings both in the app and on my
I couldn't able to see others lastseen
It's really slow and hanging when comparing with other competitors.
Please add personal pin message
ANG PANGET NG UPDATE NIYO! AWIT!
it works Very very well i have no issues with it , i Just love it Thank you .
The new UI is not only painful and awkward, but the latest update seems to have broken so many things. I can't properly see the tabs at the bottom of the screen half the time, and trying to share an image from another app barely works without completely restarting discord.
1) Calls are clear but always on a speaker w/o the "speaker" mode selected = no privacy in public. 2) Lags/Loads slowly. 3) Ads make the keyboard lag/disappear when ad changes.(keyboard keys freeze/lag when typing during video ads/ad changes) 4) App freezes if left in background/when brought up from background screen stays black for a while. **other than those issues - I'm enjoying the simplicity of the app plus it's free w/o paying a fee**
I have the text now sim and data and voice work great
use it every other day
4 star rating so far, just installed today. If I believe it deserves more after I have tested it. I'll gladly change it to a 5 star rating.
Would be 5 star but the newest update makes everything so garbage. Update: there has been updates since that have not fixed any issues. The lack of notifications may be something else I'm not sure, but the UI is still terrible. If you are not going back, have an option to change the look to the old way PLEASE. It's not like this on pc. Why is mobile so annoying for no reason?!??!! ALSO I discovered a new issue of images not loading ever! And dms don't match the theme I have anymore (Chroma Glow)
I need a translator between English to Spanish and vice versa. I use the app to communicate to my crew and we have 7 guys that only speak Spanish.
Changing from 3 stars to 2. It's very spotty on what texts it will or will not receive, phone calls are the same way.
The calling is usually quite good, but the messaging features have lots of glitches.
It's all right
not bad for free
Please change tha app logo and app name Because it's look like not brand name So please put the Band name
Excellent.....audibility good clear picture
Easy Navigation and communication
With each update Things get worse. Now Im not even able to get into a call because the resolution just gets bugged out and the get in the call just Góes out of my screen.
I paid for the service and it doesn't work
Its not letting me download it just stops at 80% and it freezes
Not a fan of the complicated new layout and images fail when I try to send them
The updates I don't really care about but are pretty cool it's just on android the discord app is so laggy, for no reason I don't even know what the problem is but it's always on discord, everything else runs smoothly but discord.
fine only
I love love text free 💕
This app is for real and i got it right the first time i installed a phone app on my tablet. Not only that, it works all the way across 2 tablets and a phone. One number for importance and priorities and one for fun and friends. You could even use it to get rid of persistent needy people who dont give up on trying to get your phone number. Or blowin up your phone 24/7 LOL. I'm sure some can relate atleast ! I reccomemd the 1.99 sim card. Not for ads, for # preservation. Ads dnt go away like said
Every since the update it's been incredibly difficult to use the mobile app. The layout is unintuitive and difficult to navigate. You can't easily swipe to see who's online, and to search for anything you have to find it hidden behind multiple other buttons. Additionally, ever since the update, my app keeps crashing and when it's not, I'm having to manually reset it because it's displaying incorrectly or not showing what I've sent, resulting in me accidentally spamming.
It's decent, just don't log out your account because it won't let you log back in and will tell you your account has never been created
Breaks up
I hope it will be easyier for me to.sign in
Disappearing messages lately. Since the last update messages I send goes away right after I send them. I've lost several hours of conversation sent from phone, not showing up on pc app or phone app. Today I restarted the app again to see what I wrote today come back, but all from yesterday is still gone.
This app is okay, except for the fact that they disabled the ability to call 911 and that I had to manually set up my notifications. And also my rating disappeared when I came back to edit. That is some sketchy stuff.
Blocked for TOS after signing up without telling me why!
Rollback to 205.15 for a better experience
Updated to this new version and promptly uninstalled it, thank goodness I had a backup of the previous version. Full of Microsoft nagware. It now insist on invasion of privacy, it wants to import my phone's contact list !! Bullship.
It's nice, I enjoy it and all, but the nitro thing is kinda stupid.
since the recent update that removed the emojis...it's been downhill ever since.... bring those back....
Has bug keeps crashing
Used to work fine, but the latest update stuck my phone (Samsung Galaxy A11) in headphone mode. I had to remove the app from my Android phone to get the phone speaker to work.
It's Great! :)
It's reliable doesn't lag too much
Frequently crashes and is ultimately causing my battery to drain faster
It works for about a week then I can't answer any call
I've used Signal for years and it's been great. I've been about to send end-to-end encrypted messages with a traditional SMS fallback for people not using the app. With their recent changes to Signal they're removing the ability to send standard SMS through their app, sighting that having any insecure messaging fallback isn't what they're focused on. The expectation is to get everyone on secure messages, that's just not feasible and neither is using two messenger apps. Extremely disappointed
I get no notifications anymore for this app so I miss important info in my chats 😔 terrible
i can't get this to Ring
good for multiple group messaging
Have used Signal for a few years for SMS and occasional protected chat. The announcement of not supporting SMS prior to release of a working import/export function is a poor decision. 0 stars if possible. No point to using this app any more. What a waste of potential
Very private
Too much porn being sent to me by minors
idk bro overall discord mobile is just junk cuz too much bugs
App is good going calls and not working for messages
I've been using TN off/on just shy of 6 yrs;Ed, but it's continuing to get worse. consistently, for 3 yrs. now. I started out rating 3 stars, up to 4/5. I've delayed rating 3 for months now, but this past 2 weeks Ive run out of patience. I'm rating a 3 for 5 years of near flawless service and staying (mostly) free. TN enabled me to stretch my income further, keep my job, continue with new business, continue with school online, stay in touch with my kids and family when apart.
I have used this app for years and thought it was a good thing. However, I recently encountered that they have been double charging me and charging me as if it were a regular cellphone. I could have paid for service with the amount of money you charged me for something that was supposed to be FREE.
new UI update ruined the appearance settings and makes incovenient changes for no reason. i dont know why they even updated it because theres no good features added.
App is good for what it says ...everyone you message will get a hefty bill ..
well otherwise.
If not for the exaggerated fees for having a dedicated phone number this would have easily been a four star rating.
I would give 5 stars if you could call as many ppl as you want as many times as you want, but you only get a limited amount of time and then you have to buy credits.
Today in June Discord Has been Acting up Due to a glitched Were your Text cant upload fast even if i have good Wifi And It Literally Repeats my Text 2 times Even When i Texted one time Can you guys Fixed the Issue?
Great start, but it doesn't seem to work with wifi on and it insist on using my cell number. Make the messages come from my GV number!
Honestly just terrible from the start. This app was not allowing me to sign up to begin with after trying multiple times. Very dissapointed.
As far I would like to give 5 star
It's taking forever to deliver and receive messages! And fix the quality of the videos. I should be able to send a video a couple of minutes long without a problem!
its good my mobile and pc can handle it there no lag nor bugs in mine
The new UI sucks and cause bloat.
Since Microsoft bought Skype, you turned it into a steaming heap of utter trash. Please revert it back to the version it was before you ruined it and then don't touch it again.
Genuinely a good app however these updates keep bringing different bugs. This time discord is suddenly having connectivity issues from time to time even though my internet connection is just fine. It keeps saying "connecting" on the top and it doesn't go away. Reopening/refreshing the app doesn't do anything to. This is the 4th time this has happend now since the latest update.
only thing that works is the texts  I've called multiple people and each time the person says they can't hear me while I can hear them clearly. for the first few seconds of the call we can hear eachothet then in afterwards they cant hear me. Ive been using this app for years. Please fix
This is such a scam. Twice so far I was charged and not provided with the service. Then I had to go and buy more credits. I know I continue to use the app. However, life is not fair. This is the only solution I habe now to speak with my mom after the passing of my father and cousin. I am still in mourning and have not had time to look for better options. So for now you can continue you take my money until I settle and will never have to use this service again.
This stupid app DELETED ALL MY CONTACTS except for one, and it deleted all the texts on that one. DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS!!
Good, but calls are iffy. Texting is 100% thoughl
Just what I was looking for, I do wish we could receive messages without paying though
Need more stickers
Notifications stink sometimes messages won't be sent.
Very good app...
Man the new set up absolutely sucks, and Everytime you call someone it crashes constantly!!
It's a very easy app to use
It crashes a lot sometimes i  receive messages a day late or not at all
Hate this app. I guess it's fine for it's purpose. But got damn.
I love it.
I can't get to see my group messages from soccer coach
Scammmmmmm!!!!  It drops every other call!  Very disappointed!!!
Removing all sms capabilities, and does not allow you to export signal messages to other apps. And when exporting sms/mms messages, it messes up the process and corrupts group messages. Considering how this has ruined all of my conversations between my friends, I doubt this app is as secure and functional as it claims to be.
I actually don't mind the UI changes, but did you really have to break the mobile app to do so? Servers go haywire, random things disconnect, sometimes I straight up cannot change channels without exiting the app and removing it from the cache before reentering, and 5 times now I've accidentally spammed because of a connection issue that shoved out 5-10 copies of one of my messages
I can't type in the verification code
Worked fine. Then stopped receiving messages. Very annoying
once sent message. my phones original message received the text first took about 10 mins on textfree app to get text
wouldn't work for chromebook
Like everyone else I'm not getting notifications. I have a Samsung galaxy S9+, all of my settings are correct, and both phone and app are up to date.
I think it's ridiculous that I can't update my profile image unless I pay for your stupid app 🙄
Good but when we record it shouldn't be seen by other people
Can I send text and picture out of the country
First time using this App service and I'm pretty impressed to say the least
Nice place to have a conversation
It says you can text and call for free but that is FALSE ADVERTISEMENT because you have to BUY MINUTES.
Loved signal, but dropping SMS is a mistake. All you needed was it disabled by default and the user toggles it on if they accept SMS is not secure. Well, goodbye signal until SMS is restored.
works awful, can't synch my contacts, lot of messages don't get, some chasts suddenly desapear. Have to be constantly checking in the web. Please but really please make an update or whoteher is necessary. I'm forced to use the app for work reasons but it'll be great if you could fix this anoying problems
Hate the new version. Just put back to the old version plsssssss
DISCORD LOADING AND CONNECTING ISSUE PLEASE FIX IT...
Works pretty well, but the group avatar and name will NEVER update. For some reason, many of the chats I'm in still show the same picture from months ago, even when I clearly see it change in chat. Also, some people just won't show up in the full list, even though they're in the chat
This app are so awesome. And I talk with my frinds and chat . Only this app I like more than other app
The yearly subscription to lock in number was taken off and now they want about $60 a year with the 4.99 a month to lock in number. This is too expensive, it would be better to just get a regular service with Tello , no app no adds.
Very secured 🔐
I'm not sure how this managed to happen but the chats have a tendency to break and lag. If I switch from one server to another, the previous server's messages will still show up no matter where I go. Not to mention the lag that can happen when typing where it'll break your phone keyboard for a solid twenty seconds and not pull it back up. Don't even get me started on the changes to usernames that's gonna be implemented eventually. The current username system is working perfectly fine.
It's OK, but frustrating that updates to the Windows PC app, and Android reinstallations after change of device, lose chat history, so not as seamless as WhatsApp.
It never give you minutes when you watch a video everything else is goo
Don't know yet
not good and not connect
Hello and nice work. It's been months I can't send any medias: pics, vids, voices in discord I've waited long to see if it fixes but still my wait is unanswered... A great app but now my access is limited so much
I love it cuz I can finally communicate with my friends
Mostly good, but the app will simply.not update messages for significant periods of time, and only rarely pushes notifications, making consistent use really difficult.
This app is cool but sometimes ridiculous like...why nitro basic. i know its cheap but the important features which were usefull are now gone ( could have given 3 types of plan )
I've been using this app for a second line
App is not updating. No access
Okay group messaging, but missing some key features. You can mute, but it doesn't allow you to set a time limit like whatapp and other apps with a group message. Also, you should be able to edit your messages. Would definitely be 5 star if it had these features.
I subscribed and it hasn't been 24hrs and I keep getting a fleeting message that my purchase was not able to be processed. Apparently it has been processed because my TextNow profile shows I am an active member. I'm confused.
Only got one call to connect.. always says connecting..
Slow response sometimes not good call quality Drop calls
I could never choose a number tried a bunch of codes and nothing
Dont install thi app it wasnt working for me
android version doesnt work, avoid updating if at all possible. old features that were free are now behind a paywall
Giving a star only cause they closed login for old tablets without reason.
Needs better translator on video calls, like it needs a lot of work guys, please address this.
The new layout is so ugly. Some colors are pretty & I like the swipe to reply, but it looks like Instagram's twice divorced aunt Martha (Sorry to any aunt Martha's out there). I hate that you can see the most recent message, I have to scroll & tap multiple things to see one's status, & I have to press multiple things to edit voice settings in Vc's. I don't want an Instagram cube when I'm on a call with friends, I want full screen cameras. I would've given it 5 stars before this update.
Hell I cant make a call sucks
works great for what it is meant for
How to use this App in Pakistan
Been using the app for a good few years now with no issue, but after recent updates, I can no longer switch between servers easily. I tried reinstalling and restarting to no avail. Kinda sucks after having used it for so long, I'm screwed out of using discord mobile to its fullest because of an issue like this.
Have been using this for a long time now and it was great in the beginning, but the recent updates have made Groupme buggy and slow. Trying to do too much perhaps? Group messages don't show up unless I manually refresh, keyboard input is laggy and responses are slow to show up. update its only gotten slower with every new version. why?
I recommend you use this app
its an amazing app but it just has wayyy toooo many little updates on the app. Im on chrome and it takes a long time to update it. Please try to limit your updates unless its something big or some bug fixes.
Links get expired too quick which sometimes can be frustrating
Amazing chat service. Beautiful layout, simple and easy to understand, just the best thing ever. Edit: I edited from 5 to 2 stars with the new layout changes, it's hard to navigate, the new dark mode is hard on the eyes, it's not intuitive, really just pretty bad. Please let us go back if we choose to.
Awesome app very useful
Account locked for no reason
I don't know how to say this but don't quit your day job unless this is your day job then get better or get lost
Never rings but sometimes all it does is show missed calls without ringing can't play voicemail s at all. Takes forever to load. Needs much improvement
So far so good. Not used it for long yet. But it meets up with my expectations
One of the Good and secured app! Keep going on! Thanks God bless you all!
Skype is a great app for group video calls and meetings but sometimes when i try to talk by unmute my microphone someone mutes me and i don't know how is doing it. Which annoys me. I'm a student and my mic works properly in regular talks but while asking doubts or giving answers someone mutes me. I think only admin should be allowed to mute someone. And so i am rating this app 3 stars.
If it had audio chat it Would-be that much better
So I was entering my stuff and then I was done and it said the internet was not working I went to settings and it said the internet connection was  excellent so I recommend you not using this app if you read all the vote for Stuff
App used to be good. Lately getting a lot of trouble to make calls to landlines. It doesn't connect properly, either one end or the other can't hear each other.
Their cookie cutter reply coheresed me into rewording my review. This app is stone age trash. Get Google Voice. You get a 100% free lifetime local number (I've had the same number for over 5 years) the ability to place calls or txt via the GV app or on your PC. People you block get a recording telling them your number has been disconnected You can even call Canada or Mexico for free. There are so many options it makes these devs look like amateurs. And the best part, "ITS TOTALLY AD FREE!!!"
it's a great app I'd give it 5 stars but I feel like the calling can be a lil better it. I usually mess up often from losing signal and my wifi be fine.
This is an ok app. But I cannot use my nitro credits without having to spend money. It sucks. The new app is a bit glichy but all n all its ok.
What's app is cooler
Work well enough.
Our family enjoy reaching out to each other on group me. We are a large family spread out across the US....
I just love you interact with your love ones all the time
Great way to keep a group informed.
its ok to texted from but making calls it isn't good for calls you can't talk on there
How is it posible? My supervisor app doesn't connect on a 4g/LTE network on my galaxy s6 unless I drop my network mode to WCMA.
I have a love hate thing for this app because I love the free calls and texting but I hate so bad that I can never get back into my call if I leave the call to do something else on my phone I can never seem to get back to the call that I'm on!! It is very very annoying when it comes time to hang up because you can't end the call! ....NOBODY CAN HERE ME ON A CALL! :/
When I get text they show up at the top of my screen but not in the conversation
Poor connection great for secon number
it is very good. i enjoy using skype all the time
Nice and good 👍
This is not a good app . It's not working properly
dont always work either
Decent for texts, but it does miss a lot of messages and have problems loading them and as for calls just forget it they can't hear you at all.
good function reliable
Perfect, easy to use & keeps everyone in the loop!!!
Everything works as it should and you can send pics
Seems ok, but a fake person had me use it so the jury is out.
I gave it 2 stars because there are times when i either have data connection or wi-fi but it says im not connected. Update please i would hate to not be able to enjoy this app
The user interface is not intuitive, but it's better than having your face saved in the name of AI. Good app to use if you care about your privacy.
I'm a user since 2017 and nitro subscriber. It should be apparent enough through other reviews that the new UI is absolutely horrendous compared to the old one. It's buggy and made useful features a pain to get to. Either revert the UI or fix it. Even better would be making it customizable. Honestly my friend group is all on the brink of changing apps.
Works great except that when I make an outgoing call there is no sound.
Love the App
The new UI is horrid, that's pretty much all I have to say.
I have only used it for 2 weeks. I appreciate being able to keep in touch with our group. Thanks!
The app is very useful but there's a bug I guess, when I'm on voice and talking with my friends it's suddenly become quiet, and I can't hear my friends talk too, can u please fix the bug, I already uninstalled it 3 times and still the same
Safer than Whatsapp
Interesting app
When it works it is great. Consistency in connection has improved
Stop going split screen all the time when I never asked you, especially when you break every time it happens 😡
I was really looking forward to sending videos but the will absolutely not go through. Maybe the file is too large idk but it won't work for me.
Works great
Having SMS support for messaging users without signal (99% of my contacts) was a huge benefit. I'm uninstalling the app for good now that I can't use the app for 99% of my needs
I was signing in and as I was signing my account gets disabled and I read the email and it says I was spamming messages honestly 🙄
This app is not working well at all. I'd say 90% of the time I don't get a notification for new messages. Also, the groups don't really function properly. I can't view new messages when it says I have them.
shows up every time you leave the app while skyping someone. Even if I turn
It was all tha way kool, until a kouple daya ago. Ive been missing text like krazy. I have to go into the app and reload tha skreen for any missed text to kome thru. Its rather annoying
App was good. Recent update broke alot of things and feels suuuuuper clunky now.
i cant open my camera and my friends cant hear me
Takes up too much space,it literally took a whole GB by itself and half the time it didn't tell me when I had notifications
Very easy to navigate. Group me is a very convenient way to communicate with my coworkers!
I have  to pay to call but overall it is good
Lags to much
I've been a pinger user for 5 years. The latest update with full screen ads after every text is TOO MUCH. Do you really think I will get excited about anything in that advertising when I'm in the middle of a conversation. Fix this! Or I am moving on with a new number somewhere else. UPDATE. Latest update disabled the back button on your phone so they can try and force the advertisement down your throat. Fastest way to exit is home button, clear recently used app and then relaunch. 0 stars
I like for being the first time to use it.
New ui trash
The app is very easy to use and is very helpful fir someone like me that needed a second line for my business
Was great till I ask for a refund.
It's good, no introduction needed.
We have used it for years and love it as a large family!
This works very well for our Football Boosters
Not letting get past the area code number creation screen
it always tells me you have no network when I clearly do
i  wish if you add clear-coversation feature .. its important for me and others .
Voice-mail recording sounds like a fake number.
Good everything that I have been asking for thank you very much for helping me out with this I needed this tablet very bad because the last one that I had only have 42 days and shattered I need the man that gave me this tablet that I am using now to talk to hlm was a very nice of him couldn't have asked for anything better man that that gives these tablets mind paying he's the best greatest ever man deserves a keep letting him sell them he's really nice clearly the best he ran out of phones and
Crashes when uploading a video. OnePlus 5t
Great chat app. Better than most.
Theyre getting rid of SMS support. So you either have to harass all of your contacts to try and join signal or just not be able to text over 90% of them. This will render the app useless for most people
its too slow
I was really nice experience but there is this bug that DELETED MY ACCOUNT WHICH MADE ME MAD AND ALL MY FRIENDS ON DISCORD GOT DELETED SO 2/5
My discord keyboard is glitchig out and it's impossible to type what should I do?
sometimes I can't hear the voice of the person speaking other than that its a great application for many people to connect uninterruptedly.
This used to be the perfect all-in-one messaging app. When in late 2022 the Signal Foundation decided to remove standard SMS support, I was forced to find a new messaging app. This decision disappoints me, and I hope the Signal Foundation changes their mind. Updated down to two stars because Signal is wasting their labor on a "Stories" feature that I can't stand. If I wanted TikTok, I'd be on TikTok.
I touch myself to taco bell commercials
New updates drains battery so quick!! When you do a video call and type at z same time..your typing just freezed!! Old Skype is best compared to zis new Skype!!!
Cool but too many ad
It's a good app, but the new UI is garbage.
I've used Discord for years now and have never had problems with it till now. It'll kick me from calls at random and will mess up my mic audio for no reason. I guess I can't do any more sleep or long hour calls with friends anymore -_- I liked old Discord much better, it shouldn't have been changed
Good app. The only annoying part is when I make a call I have to disconnect from internet or go to setting a force stop app because the hang up button does not work.
Dropping my 5 star review because every update makes this app worse and worse. Please, please stop pushing updates when your app was already incredible and user friendly. Please bring back the option to see who is online on the server at a glance without navigating to a new page. Please bring back the button to pull pinned messages on the main DM page; replacing it with the 'call' button on DMs isn't worth it as voice activity is more for voice channels in servers.
Updates continue to worsen user experience. New UI requires more taps to do less and no longer mirrors desktop experience. It's harder to search, view pins, and use DM's alongside servers.
Does not save photos you send or receive
They many problems in voice
I COULDNT CALL ANY 1 NOR RECEIVE ANY CALLS WHILE USING THIS APP!!!! THEN THEY WANTED ME TO PAY $4.99. FOR WHAT I KNOW IT WASNT GOING TO IMPROVE IF I GOT A TASTE OF WHAT THE FREE APP DOES!!!!
Was happy, was really handy to be able to manage signal and SMS users in the same place but as they dropped SMS support no longer a useful app for me.
Great!
I like it its a very good app.
I don't really use this app, but my dad uses it, and it seems fun, so...
Decided to do that stupid thing corporations always do and wreck their UI, making the app borderline unusable.
Dum I hate it
It's slow and a little annoying but otherwise I recommend
Most recent update trashed the UI even more and broke images for many people, causing them to not load on mobile
I love how u can chat with ur friends:)
the new update has made the app entirely unusable, not only does it have countless bugs and looks terrible. I can't even move channels via app anymore I HAVE to be desktop in order to moderate my own server. also the new "classic" look it has is just horrid I love desktop it looks good and is actually decent to use. the app is so buggy and hard to navigate. PLEASE bring back the last update instead of the horrible thing we are having to use now if you can even call it an update.
The old discord layout was considerably better and easier to use, the company's response to the change being "just get used to it" is also incredibly disappointing. This was an unnecessary change and if we don't tell them how we feel now they will continue to make changes we as the users don't agree with.
I've not been able to send pictures anymore and I don't know why...
Crashing 🏎️💥 🤯💥 Again 🥴🥴😔 for you 😔.
I prefer Telegram. I've recently discovered that it's CIA-connected app?
Had to down my rating from 5 to 2. Used signal for years without issue. Recently, numerous bugs have been introduced to the application. Group messaging is horrible now. Messages disappear, especially if I am the one starting the group chat. Most Apple users can't receive videos or animations when I try to send them. Had to switch back to default Samsung messaging. Currently, signal only works well when the other person also has signal. Was not like this in the past...
There's been alot of child preds lately...But I give 2 stars because I talk to friends on Discord
So handy on this cruise!!! Easy to navigate!!! 10 out of 10!!!!!
It keeps our special group informed all together.
Over all it's been more reliable and has exceptional security.
Great app best end to end encrypted app. Need last Seen feature. Video call quality is not Good Call conference is not available. Edit:- best Messaging app. Privacy centric. If ur concern about privacy use signal only . Signal need little optimization in message delivering. Enhance video quality while audio quality is Good.
Thank u so much discord for fixing also I'm sad that I couldn't recover my old account but thx for fixing
I love using this app I'm very happy with it. Good work Signal..
Please add the option to reverse updates I hate the dec 6 update it changed the entire ui and it looks awful. It's an good app I use it to talk to my friends but most of the updates are useless and only make the app harder to use.
Yet made any contacts. Will inform later.
It will not ring when someone is calling me. It will eventually show up as a missed call. It won't let me receive messages either on time.
I am not getting location verification email pls help and replay
It very helpful
working pretty good so far thanks for it 😁
Love the app
I hate it i hate it I hate it so much. I have been trying for close to 3 hours to delete this stupid account, and it is a massive, complicated undertaking that their own customer service is entirely unable to figure out either. I just want to delete my account, why in god's name am I unable to do that unless I delete my ENTIRE MICROSOFT ACCOUNT?? Don't even bother, get a Discord or a Teamspeak account
Great for teachers/parents or coaches/parents communication
Was a five-star app for SMS messages. Since they are dropping SMS support (not creating a new app), my family is dropping Signal. We already use Telegram for what Signal wants to be. Short-sighted business decision, IMHO.
Random people keep texting. It's an odd app, but it works so no complaints
Solid app have no performance issues and would reccomend the app to everyone I know that needs a local number or even a number period nowadays for the most part we are all on a WIFI network about 95% of the time anyways so really you can use this as your default number and skip paying a phone bill!! I'm seriously thinking about doing that myself so I can save my wife and I 55 bucks a month!!
Very good app and easy to use.
Does a good job of making secure messaging easy while being vetted by well known cryptographers. However, the decision to drop sms support makes messaging a whole lot less convenient and makes it much more likely I'll mess up and use the wrong app. Oh, and they messed up the export of messages - all my group chats include me as a participant so all the chat threads are broken
I've had discord for about 5-6 years now and I pay yearly for the highest level of nitro, sometimes I don't like the occasional update but they usually don't get in the way of my use of the app. However, the new UI update? Atrocious. All the muscle memory I had for the app out the window in one forced update. It's not as bad as it was in beta but it is in no way good. Not only is it hard to navigate, but it also runs so much slower now and channels take about 45 seconds to load. Insane.
I keep having to download and uninstall😑😑 please fix this!
Okay, but message length is too short and speed is capped with no option to customize it.
Gets the job done but there are so many bots, the notifications don't show, and I have to refresh the chats to get it to update. I prefer WhatsApp
Had a number need to look it up to use again on this phone
Decent app but when you make calls the call quality is bad
Waste of time is not free
Have had to use this app a few times myself but it should be availible even out of wifi areas
We'll I haven't used it yet.
right on time! it's flat out clutch a!!!
Very clear sound and video
it works good but I echoes alot
It's......Ok
Tubby q.
#Good app
Is a very nice app
You have to pay 4.00 monthly not good
The only problem is that i always get my messages really late
confuseing, other numbers calls me. But so far so good .
I think it's a pretty cool site I love it
At first it was working very good, now i have to force stop the app in order to make a call or receive calls. other wise it will just give me a notification "missed call" or if want to make a call it shows it's making the call but nothing happens and I cant hang up so again I have to force stop the app, some text dont come through at all or they come through 2 or more times in a row way after the person has text me. fix this bug please and I'll give it a 5 star, thank you.
I mean it gets the job done but it needs access to ur calendar to be able to add contacts?? I don't understand that I think it's stupid also way to many ads in my opinion!
Don't let me create account
I think I would rate it a 5 if when I share a video my friends and others could hear the video
You guys should at least have an option for us to be able to go back on the update JUST IN CASE something like this happen, with the Force Closing.
I am in for cove you have any questions about the same way about it and then we can do that again.
Couldn't make a call or send any texts messages
Good when connected to wifi
great service... very helpful
It freeze to much
its too much problem plz help me i m a teacher its too diffcult to conneting adding calls sharing screen ....
Terrible, full of ads and not really free if you want it to do anything.
choppy calls
Rarely gives notifications. I joined a new group and it wasnt updating the members of the group for over a week
Searching gifs in discord is too slow and my internet speed is just fine , it takes too long to even scroll down gifs
It sucks along with the people who uses it
have to have credits to use this app earned by watching videos and adds if you don't keep up with the number they reassign it unless you buy it for $5
Just getting to use it. It looks good. How can I send a attachment to the group?
Good for video calls
This most recent update with the change to attaching files/images, whatever is the last straw. Sick of these idiotic changes to the UI for seemingly no reason except to drive away the user base. Also, taking away the ability to give advice in-app about recent updates is just another slap in the face. Been riddled with bugs for years too. Only been continuing to use it because my friends do, but I'm ready to turn back to just texting or maybe messenger even. Don't download this.
It just the best
Totally Legit!
Downloaded it and it loaded up just fine,but when it came to signing up it was still loading mode before u put in the area code number for like 2 hrs. So I'm going to uninstall this app to find another app that actually works.
The texting is awesome and on point but the calling is a problem, I cannot call or receive a call from anyone. Please fix
I can never find any of our group chats I only get them with messages
everytime i went to choose a number it said already taken
This is for the beta version It simply will not open.
Can you guys stop adding unecessary updates😭 I can't see my ongoing/pending friend requests anymore Which means i can't preview the profile of the person I'm adding
I got sent a message from group me trying get my credit card information for a "free iPhone 11." I'm personally appalled to see such a blatant scam practiced by any app but especially one as seemingly harmless as this.
Now u can see muslim power 🤬😠
Good group app
It's good except, there are a lot of ads and sometimes I mis click and hit the ad instead of send or something. I know you need ads but can they not pop up randomly please. Overall good though.
They just announced they are removing SMS support. This was my primary message app, but that announcement is an inspiration to uninstall and find other options.
Like Whatsapp, but not from Meta.
I swear every new update breaks things and makes things harder to do! Not only is the new UI ugly as sin and hard to get around in, but now images just won't show up no matter what i do! Changing wifi or hust turning it off, closing the app and reopening, hell i restarted my whole phone and still nothing! I can't even access discord support because I don't remember my password, but it refuses to send an email to me to change it!
Works well, notifications as expected and easy to use. Could use better attachment formatting.
Great for creating groups that you need to collaborate with. However this would receive 5 stars if there was an option for deleting messages and conversations instead of just hiding them.
This app so good
Five star, but they're removing sms. Works for everything, never had an issue. You're removing a fantastic feature having sms in there too. Will be deleting once sms is gone.
great when u need help, can choose what area code u want n txt n call
I do not want just anyone to have My private information
New update broke the app completely
receive messages in text and through the app days later. junk. no point.
Still figuring it all out. So far, so good.
Smooth and intuitive, and we love the voice recording, voice message feature.
Ive had this for a while an its messes up alll the time I have to force cloce an cut my wifi off an then cut it back on, its getting old quick!
You have to pay for minutes.
I have used this app with no issues for a couple years now, even putting some money in for extra call minutes. But recently the app has been using my microphone even when I have it closed. I don't like the idea of any app running silently in the background while listening. I have to edit permissions every call just to feel secure using the number I've kept for years. This needs to be changed.
It keeps crashing (mobile) once I enter the contacts/dm section.
I love this app!!!!!!
Good but not best
Worthless
Usually an awesome app but for the past few days it has been unresponsive and I can't open it nor update it. Please fix this.
New user interface is so unnecessarily confusing and clunky. Multiple buttons have been hidden and take many taps to get to now. I don't understand why this was seen as a better user interface.
it's been very buggy lately. if I want to make an avatar change, it wont run in the background, meaning it restarts every time I select an avatar. it won't run in the background regardless, even if I go off the app for 3 seconds, and the conversations dont load, and stick to every channel. and the new beta themes dont allow for black role colors to be visible anymore.
Why is every number Nigerian?
toady live this secret keeping discreet text app for communication. .it's really good thanks so much 10/5 stars four thumbs s up
Please improve you system 🙂
It is ok. You cannot send multiple file attachments & you cannot star or lock messages to prevent them from being g deleted. I like regular SMS better.
Please give the option for the previous UI, this is just terrible, still not used to it
When you make an account you have to have a facebook account
Audio on call is bad and glitchy, and the search function for chat is not working.
Cuts off your phone calls to play ads
Turn it back on. Thank you
Every girl Is it working though And they want money a Upfront for sex And they're all very pushy to the point they get you mad. And I'm pretty sure most were fake Cause when they send pictures I'll send pictures of a different girl trying to be say that's it's them Yo OK
The app was great up until recently, but now it won't let me swap between different groups/chats
I used to send text messages using Skype credit to my sister's mobile
This app is horrible and a waste of money! DO NOT GET THIS APP, I REPEAT, DO NOT GET THIS APP! Get Google Voice or Text if you want a decent service because you'll get played when it comes to business calls.
You should have the option to allow all contacts in your phone to be notified. I will be uninstalling once I finish this meeting.
It only made selected phone call to not all like it's supposed to.
The reason why I gave it three stars is because I was trying to verify my phone number, but it wouldn't let me as it said an existing account is already using this number when I deleted the existing account. Discord, if you could fix the issue, please do so because I might actually pop veins for not verifying when there's still one existing account even though there's not.
I recommend because it is easy to connect and talk to any body you need. And also to show him and chat with him for business and other thinks ,and video call too, and receive any information you need you can contact allover the world at any time you need .and contact your family you are are aboard ,i hear that many people use to talk with skype ,there for I recommend to all friends to join us in skype .and high recommended to the people whom the travel a lot and need to contact their family and be happy for that
It keeps disconnecting my call when I'm in one and nobody can here me .
Its a really good app
Since you are removing SMS support, I am removing Signal. I have no interest in multiple text message apps.
My favorite until they announced no more SMS on it. Major dealbreaker. Besides that, sometimes it would have trouble receiving images
Runs kinda slow, sum times can't hear the ringer. It'll work for now
The calls sick and I got this app so I can text offline but you can't but other then that it's great
This app has helped me stay in contact with my family and an art group. My only complaint is that I think they should change the name.
Has become utter garbage. Fix it.
Automatically stops application and my chat video is not downloading fix this problem.
Pictures you can't see faces clearly.
$$$$$great app............
The new layout looks ugly. It was much better before the change...
This app it's great but it has too many pop-ups that pops up in the middle of a call or trying to get a call in it pops up something that you don't not need to see time your game up you have a great app see CJ from Tallahassee
All this app does is load..... -_- Sometimes it wil open with no problem, but it is irritating nonetheless. TextNow is a better app. If this one little problem could just be fixed, then it would be a much much better app. :(
Change the UI back to what it was before! This new setup is WAY too complicated and a burden to use because of all the loops and hoops you need to go through to get into a simple channel!
It was really the best and the first thing to place in your device after clean install. Now they make a terrible decission dissabeling sms-support and the whole advantage of this app will be gone. I and mamy whit me will need to leve this beloved app after 10+ years of use. Not cool. Not vice. Not nice.. Hope you come to sence or at least there will be some legacy version that will work for us true old supporters that made this what it is today.
Makes speaking and meeting with my church group very easy! God bless this app!
Very unique, smart and responsive app. I recommend discord for everyone.
Its ok
Excellent,fast and easy for use.
Photo quality is very bad
It doesnt allow me to send international msjs
Not good for video calls...and very poor connection most times
Text free has been very good app but suddenly I'm out with my number and I can't login in any more or sign in or up again
Overall this service was better than other free texting and calling wifi services offered, however they decided to lock my account from services I've already been using unless I paid for them. They allow you to use verification for a little while, then suddenly require you to pay if you need to do any more verification pretty much locking you out of any accounts you verified on the phone number until you pay them. This is a problem with any service that used two-factor authentication. Slimy.
Love it thanx
Needs to be able to be taller for galaxy s8 and the LG g6
Great app but drops calls alot on wifi.
Right now it is a 2 because I have tried multiple times to upload a video and it keeps giving me an error. But it will let me post a picture. This is driving me crazy. Please fix this
It lagged and froze ALOT, so i deleted it then downloaded it back thinking it's just my device doing that. Now I tried to sign in but it won't let me, it stated that I need to check my internet connection. My internet is working perfectly fine, I even tried it on my other devices and it said the samething, at this point I'm just pissed off that i wasted my time.
it cool
I had to take a break from this app but I'm sure it's good but you have to o watch a lot of movies or down load alot of apps
1 stars for days and unsubscribing from nitro.
I hate it now. Im just stuck using it as a time capsule.
Great app for private messaging.
If you have wifi this is the best app for calling and texting you could never get a better app I love it thank you guyc
Is a good app
Great app but can no longer be used as my primary messenger system due to recent changes. Otherwise 5 stars.
I really have to uninstall and install it again because the app doesn't open I hate discord and its bugs it just deserves 2 stars
The problem is that I have to press it to get my notifications. They dont automatically come
It does what it is supposed to, including removing metadata from pics
I have 50 minutes but it won't work to call or text !!? Fix this issue
New ui isn't that good :(
Truly This app is so good But the problem is that when me, and my friends play videogames together sometimes, my friends get disconnected automatically. Hope Discord you will answer me Thanks
Does its job. It does need to let you go back and edit things you say when you have misspellings I don' t like that I can't delete personal chats.
Wifi confused
Love the community, but why so many glitches. Sometimes roles just vanishes, videos won't play, chat keeps sliding, tagging is weird. Fix these bugs please. This is very irritating.
I hate it.😬♿
Usually takes between 10 to 20 seconds just to open! Also the notifications disappear before you look at them
Please remove the payment feature and provide it as a separate app! I don't want any bloatware. Please also be aware that you fall under different laws now with this feature, which might backfire. I don't understand why you take on this big risk; End-to-end encryption is already not well seen by many governments and politicians and worth protecting.
Whenever i try to vc my mic doesn't work and its annoying, constantly trying to get it to work so i can speak
Best app better than WhatsApp
It's a very good application, fun to text and easy to manage.
I can't send pics or videos idk what's going on?
An effective way to communicate with large groups.
Works very well. Very cheap calls to UK landline to keep in touch with my elderly mother. Still the only app that allows calls to landlines.
When I try to verify something with the pphone number, it does not come in my inbox. Plz fix this
It's not working i can't text  either , i can't receive text also , fix fix plz i will give u 5 Star
Last update with redesigning made it awful.
It brings me much joy.
The company is awful and keeps making bad decisions which hurts their users. Edit: They removed Amoled mode from the old layout, trying to force them to move to the new layout where they can use "midnight" mode.
Good application
unable to view list of current members, no resolution on how to correct the problem
Can you guys set up a feature where we can mute specific people in specific groups? I may not want to be notified if a person posts in one group because the information doesn't pertain to me, but in another group I do want to receive a notification if that same person posts because this information has relevance. Muting the whole group isn't ideal because then I am missing important messages.
My account got flagged for breaking terms of service twice after I did nothing
Has become unusable. Messages frequently don't send or aren't recieved by other signal users for hours, if at all.
I love this app . But i love to see my friends statues . I can't put any status on this app. Can you add this plz. Niz and safe app
a multitude of devices apps and actions running at the same time. yet your
Keeps private conversations and photos private. However could use more instructions on deleting content for personal use.
Im giving it 2 stars because theres this bug that wont let me use the app at all, no matter what my wifi speeds are, it wont connect to the app, just stuck on "Connecting..", this is only on the mobile version
Absolutely terrible and a nightmare to use. The most glitchy app I've EVER had and can hardly type with all the adds and glitches. Never rings or even shows up when someone calls you. Will not let me send pictures and took tech support 2-3 months to finally fix my issue just for the issue to come back ina a week. Will be very relieved when I uninstall it and will NEVER download again.
good app so far. theres a lot of advertising until you purchase plan that stops the advertisements. still have it use for my personal private clients. no issues
It baffles me how did they manage to develop an app that's so slow and in multiple occasions just none-responsive?
The Discord app used to be fast, functional, and consistent with their other platforms until recently when they decided that none of that mattered and it was far more important to become a copied and pasted "optimized mobile experience" with less functionality, a convoluted layout, and horrible performance. Gotta love when platforms randomly decide to set themselves on fire for no reason.
The app was great, but I think this last update wasn't really it. I don't know if this bug is from the current update, but I'm not receiving the app notifications, not even when I'm in a call. Please fix this! Besides that, Discord is a great app.
I have yet to find out how to be able to initiate a message. I couldn't find any instructions on how to use it. Evidently it's not for anyone who isn't already a "techy".
Long delay on calls. Texts never made it to recipients.
Nice, it can be use to verify whatsapp
I wanna use gifs but don't know how.. Not everything 6sekf explain
Nothing going my way
There is a problem with the sending of photos or videos, it's not going thro Could u mind fix that
I use it to communicate with my boss and my coworkers. The UI is fairly simple, and it's somewhat pleasant to look at in terms of aesthetic. Though it doesn't have any fancy or special features, it sets out to fulfill a single purpose, and it does so without issue. That's all I could really ask of it.
I really love this app but the only thing that's been bothering me is the Role's design because it's a hassle when I manage and reorder the roles. When I reorder them, the other roles mix up with another and it's frustrating. In comparison to the old one, it's much more easier. It's a really great app but I would love to have the old version of the Server Roles back.
It's a good app!!!
It's ok but sometimes loses video and sound even when both mobile devices are full bars
Best messaging app. But there is a problem occurred that sms sending slowly. A little bit slower than normal sending time.
it's alright but some people don't get my text messages it annoys me .
There are far too many ads, my calls get dropped even with full Wi-Fi signal, it lags horribly (it takes almost 1 minute to open the app which makes me miss calls), the voice lags with about 10 seconds of latency, and it doesn't always show notifications or ring. I guess you get what you pay for. If stuff gets fixed, I will make it 5 stars, but I don't see that happening.
Great 😃
I love the app it works awesome
Okay, need be much faster service
It's not facebook... enough said
The redesign fixed the problem of discord mobile being a scaled down desktop version, which I would argue was it's biggest selling point. Very disappointing...
Tho this app is perfect but im facing bugs in signing in my acc from another devices. It always shows "New login location detected". Discord developers need to fix this bug as soon as possible.
I am always in these groups that need to use groupme. Every time the app works great for the first month or so, then it stops sending texts without wifi, and now it won't send text with wifi or data. This has happened to me at least 3 times before, and it is obviously an internal issue that NEEDS TO BE FIXED.
protective, safe....good
A good option for bridging the group texting divide between Apple and Android users.
Doesn't want to send pictures and sometimes messages don't show.
Your app us horrible it never allows me to open in the app never shows the groups I've excepted it is horrible.
Chats I'm in arent even showing up on the app. I have to go to the website on a desktop to actually use it.
Great app for helping coordinate my team. Keeps us on the same page. A little odd setup to add new members but overall good.
Old skype no new features
Make it stop kicking me from calls I'm waiting on my friends to join because I just have to call them repeatedly and they think I'm spamming but its discord closing the call
Stopped connecting a week ago, so it is absolutely unusable now.
Meh, good to use while I'm waiting to pay my prepaid cell bill. Annoying when it keeps asking me if I want to set up calls and text through the app, I don't use this enough and plus, calls is always choppy.
Has some bugs when calling
Latest discord update is trash. Literally i have to verify every DM messages and insane lag
it puts my friends sms upside down,and  Icant get on faxebook chat.help me!!
What is the problem with repeating the functions of a desktop application?! Not only does the sound not work when there is an incoming call, only vibration, but also the interface is poor and stripped down. Some squares instead of the ability to select a video image of the opponent in widescreen 16:9 and 9:16 versions, so that you can see everything, and not the center of the camera. I'm talking about pop-up videos, both in the app and outside of it. Too poor mobile app :(
Horrible for android.....iphones jave so many other layouts and features .....have to scroll up on missed messages ....no badge notifications ....no grey scale.....hey unless u have an iPhone
Not even close to discord app
Good for teams and keeping track of events / attendees
i give 2 stars bcuz its hard to📀📀🎥🎥🎞🎞📙📙📚📚🎗🎗🎁🎁🎀🎀🎫🎫🎉🎉🎃🎃
It's been an excellent text and call app for me I've been using it for the last 3-4 months I've locked in my number yes awesome great job
Use it daily. One of the best chat apps.
Not to bad so far
freezes all the time
It a nice business app i will advise all to have it
Smooth
I keep contact with over 50 people using this app. I was was forced to post this .
Lately when I click a server it takes me to other ones. If I'm replying in channels message doesn't leave the text box but will send multiple times
First off it doesn't let you send video at all and secondly no matter how good your Internet is it still either drop the call entirely or it makes it completely mute on your side so the other person can't hear you
After the update, video call has bug such as it didn't show my video call to the other person that i call with and its said 'unstable internet connection' which is weird because before the update things was going alright and my internet was not so slow. I hope u can fix this bug as soon as possible
Tried other app but signal is the most reliable so far.
Whenever I'm in the middle of writing a text the screen turns white and goes to the main menu. It deletes what I was writing and can never finish my text. It does it so often even when I'm scrolling, looking for a certain message.
For what it is it does fine
I can't even get the system to give me a number.
Not great calls cut in and out
This app is so laggy and fool of adds
Support the app :)
It works quiet nice but I dont get any notifications all notification setting is set on but still nothing... On the app and on my phone I set all notifications on... What could be the prob??
I'm getting anti virus pop ups that direct me to a page .. it keeps doing it only when I open the app.. I've used it for years .. but if it can't be fixed I'll find another one
This app uses 10 of your minutes for a 1 minute phone call. So if you like never having minutes and missing lots of phone calls this is the app for you.
I love this app so much!!! (Please give me my friend back and my family)
Manages to have bugs on every single update. Given that 90% of updates add irrelevant paywalled features. One recent W was the voice messages feature, which is a rare thing to see. Great app to find communities for literally everything, but the updates seem to be actively working to make it worse.
Newest update keeps messing up my Bluetooth connection whilst on mobile this needs to be fixed ASAP
Skype has become very slow. Clicking on a button/menu takes up to 2 or 3 seconds. It's been like a year every version is slower than the previous one. Being myself a software developer, I feel there could be much more performance improvements.
Notifications are unreliable. Messages don't come through when they are sent.
VCs are very inconsistent and the app has many many crashes, especially while streaming or trying to multitask on your phone. It's not very mobile friendly, and it will cause your phone to spasm at times. Other than that, it's very clean looking and there's tons of features and I believe Nitro is around 75% fair- I feel like anything that makes the app's functionality better shouldn't be behind a paywall and Discord should do more to optimize multitasking for mobile users so it's true to ads.
It doesnt send my messages, i have to uninstall the app and re install and then it gives trouble to load for me to login..i can see myself on the vc camera for some reason also...plz fix these issues
Doesn't always ring when receiving calls. Not all app verification codes will deliver to it.
Edward Snowden recommended, been using for over 2 years with no complaintsd
Dude.. remove the newest update immediately. It's HORRIBLE. I can't swipe to see who's online and overall harder to navigate. My advice to you all, don't get the app or if you do turn off auto-update before it's too late.
Its very beutyfull
I need just one more thing here, or maybe 2. 1) I need an option to switch between accounts. If the option is available for PC, why not for a mobile phone? 2) I know it won't happen, but I need a bigger word limit. The current limit is not enough for me. I don't think it will ever be enough though. I just write really long messages. And even premium doesn't meet my needs. It's good that I can at least send it as txt file, but it's not the same.
Coming from discord, the actual call quality and connection is at least 10x better and more stable. My only complaint is the lack of audio settings. I cannot change my volume or mic volume, outside of using my phones volume up and down. I also cannot mute the other person's mic, only my own. Audio settings need to be implemented before getting close to a 5 star. *Edit Still no volume controls. Even with my phone volume at it's lowest, Skype is blasting
Skype Have Lot Of Bugs Please Fix That Bugs
If I'm using a phone number on the app why can't I recipe texts from apps I gave the number to get a verification code without reserving the phone number. And not just any text messages. Otherwise its a great app tho.
Three cuz it works sometimes a -5 because I was just involved in an emergency phone call and ads came up could not take the ads off they would not release the phone back to its normal functions and therefore I'm very angry with the situation now I'm not going to mention what exactly happens because it could be a legal matter I'm a little disappointed a lot disappointed.......
Overall discord is best app but i deduct 2stars because on discord there are many scammers and useless invites mesaages and dirty groups join links are coming i hope discord team will fix it
Really convenient, but the lag is a headache
I've met a whole ton of friends through discord and it's something I really appreciate. However the mobile app is buggy as hell and can you please stop change the design every two weeks it looks fine and has always looked fine
scammer tools and unwanted apps permissions are buried way down in the information. I will not ever look at using this. check your product before taking over peoples devices.
Uh uhhhh! Don't you daaaaare! think about downloading this nytmare app, you'll punch the teeth out the back of your head eeeevertime you open it.....ACHTUNG!, DANGER! WILL ROBINSON
To be honest it's really good but sometimes when u hold on a message the menu that should pop is kinda bugged not showing a thing
The best communication platform I have ever used.
It's really good there's certain things that you can't do on there certain things that you can't get like a regular phone but all in all pretty good to where I can have a phone number and a slight bugging me I can get really quick
The application is so buggy & slow! It takes a long time to load content. And signal doesn't have any unique username option & no option to hide the phone numbers (Privacy!). And It's too much power-hungry app. It's so buggy that can't join a group most of the time, and can't leave or block groups! even can't delete the account permanently!
It's amazing 😍 people are enjoying your app
Very good and for free amazing plz install 🙏
You don't even have to pay is the best part I Love this app I hope everyone downloads this
I feel like it'll be better if they'll let us enter verification codes
Go to use just to talk to your friends and to catch up with your friends
drops. The app BARELY works.
If I could give it zero stars I would. Won't let me log in. If you ever forgot your password forget this app there is no possible way to change your password. Huge security risk as well.
Easy to keep in touch with our Bunco group!
Decent app, but I have to give it 1 star due to the fact that they support and host full screen ads that force a download with potential malware onto your phone under a "Breaking news app". Stay away if you value privacy or your phones security..
I am utilizing this app because our church leaders started a group for our youth program. I have been receiving request from people that have pornographic content in the message. I do not appreciate this and I hope that there is someone on your team working toward stopping this.
We lost our credit. We can't make phone calls without credit. The app is useless if it won't allow us to purchase credit nor make a phone call. Another Microsoft piece of trash
Not sending receve sms code
The last update screwed it up on my phone. Now half the time I open the app, everything is really zoomed in, and pictures get half cut off,reinstalling didn't fix it
Last update issue # 1: A lot of time when scrolling up message in servers the moment someone is writting and sending a message it put you right back dawn the page. Issue#2 : A lot of the time leaving the app open to switch for an other and come back make discord screen reloading for 5sec and sometime back to message tabs when you where in a server. Seriously the new update ui and all is nice but everything else related is a nightmare on any device since the last update.
Great app makes keeping up with my friend's group very easy!!!!
Very Useful app
This is the only thing wring u have to get mins don't know why got to find a good connection get this but don't get okay byeee
I can't update my subscription again 😡... It always tells me to try again later 😞 since last month 19th August... And I don't want to lose my number .. please help 🙌🙌🙏
Removing sms support was dumb. Was way easier managing sms and signal in a single app.
It works wonderfuly
I like discord but it's hard to sing in so I just add 5 star "why" because I singin :)
Before the update I would've given 5 stars but now I give it 2 stars because it keeps crashing.
When I text a number, the text comes back to me as if I'm texting myself. I don't receive texts people send me. Horrible. Try TextPlus instead.
Glitchy to all extremes - Opening chat notifs land you on your most recent chat - Huge load time for messages, feels like I'm in a different time frame from the rest of the group - name change/icon change doesn't stay permanent and reverts sometimes - overall extremely riddled with bugs and inconveniences Only reason I'm using this is for school. If you want a personal groupchat, there are hordes of other options that aren't nearly as buggy and inconsistent
I use this for sports coordination. It's pretty good, but does lack some helpful functionality of other apps like scheduling reoccurring events and showing whether or not members read the message. Great for a basic group messaging app without any fancy stuff.
Very private and end cryptic
The only social media app I can use without having a panic attack. P.S the UI change is kind of a turn off
I've had this phone for about 2 weeks and the phone number that they gave me to begin with they took it back and gave it to somebody else
I really enjoy most of the features of this app. Sometimes the message alerts are quirky. And you've got to make sure it stays updated. But overall it's been a really great experience.
New UI is not the best
App has been down
Good place to be on
Outstanding app EXCEPT they decided to drop SMS messages. I am so sorry to have to leave them.
Notifications no longer show your text message just shows new message pop ups also no longer show previews of the text message just says new message it's kind of pointless to have an apoints like this if none of the notifications are working properly also customer service refuses to answer emails so I need to leave this complaint here
Should have tested more the new ui before publishing. It's full of bugs. Can you just revert back to the old ui?
Great service. The only thing is that when you use all the minutes for the international call on the monthly plans , the system does not allow you to recharge them until next month and you have to get Skype credit which is a lot more expensive to make calls.
It works OK. But transferring from one device to another is a convoluted mess. Next time I'll just close my account and create a brand new one.
This is the worst app ever
I downloaded it today and gave permissions to access my contacts.... and it only shows that I have 3 contacts. I like the privacy concept... but will wait a while before reloading it.
im a bit confused on how my partner who is in jail carnt call my skype number need some help
When I'm on a server I can swipe right to look at the channel list but I can't swipe left to go back, it's very annoying. Also, I wish you had the option to change to the old layout. Finally but not least I can't send my gifs along with my text which is frustrating especially on an active server.
It's OK.
I've always had problems receiving MMS messages. That's gotten better but now my SMS messages aren't being delivered. Sometimes it says it can't be sent and others it appears to go through but it didn't. Very disappointed for such a simple task.
You can't really hear the person pretty well.
Good just can't delete what you made a mistake on
I cannot call my group in this version. It says the group is too large to call. What's the solution to this problem.
Was a good app now I can't even log in
Notifications do not work no matter what I try.
Every time I try to log in I have problems. Why it's so complicated? Can you just send me a email to reset my password?
When people text me I sometimes cannot see their messages, but it'll have a notification that they texted me. Or someone will text me but I won't get the notification. Amd sometimes I send a message and then I send multiple after that, but the first message I sent unsends and resends after everything else I've sent. Making it confusing. Please fix this, and if you do, I would be happy to rate text now with 5 stars.
I'm Getting This Bug That Says Something Is Wrong With Purchasing With The Nitro Subscription, Even Though I Was Trying To Pay For It.
it's a good app, but they need to make it so it completely works in landscape mode on a tablet.
What a NIGHTMARE APP! TEXT NOW will just CLAIM that you have violated there terms. Erase your call logs messages with no warning. There is NO one to talk to! It's just too bad. You can fill out an appeal FOR NO REASON! It just sends you a link stating you can get back on your account but it's only a maddening loop! All I did was send my mother a picture of a dog! Text now is a horrible unproffessional comany.
The UI redesign was pointless and ultimately detrimental to my mobile Discord experience. I do not like it, and if I could roll it back, I would. The app is overall very good, but I don't trust the organization behind it at all. Be cautious.
Very nice and amazing app
Voice to text, scheduling delayed transmission of texts either unavailable or hard to find.
I have had no issues connecting on voice calls using my phone until recently. I'm stuck at Connecting even when my internet is perfectly fine.
Boycott suiden and its product
Tried sending a message and message wasn't supported??
I had someone accidentally run over my cellular device and this app has been a total life saver. thank you !
I use discord regularly, its great for talking to friends and up until a week or so ago it even worked! The UI was great and easy to navigate but now not only is the UI worse, if you get a DM while in a server you have to go through 3 tabs to see it as opposed to one like before, but it's also barely functional. Half the time I enter a different channel it means I have to restart the app because it's bugged. Youd imagine discord would test a little more for things like this before pushing it out
App would work great if it stops messing with my volume control... I'm listen to music and when I jump on the app the volume turns down. All the time. Fix this issue and I'll by the monthly for it.
Overall solid. But having trouble ending phone calls. Ill press the 'end call' button and it'll disconnect, but continue to try to reconnect.
Good app, but there is no reason for phone number verification. If I can connect to snapchat, instagram, facebook,... all similar apps easy then why do you make signing up in this app a pain in the ass.
Use more battery than other apps
No Delete button for contacts.
Good. I wish it could still be used asy default SMS app.
Not even of the simplest task. You have to pay to get the verification code thats just rigged.
Most recent update has caused freezing in DMs. I can compose a message, but not send or navigate back.
ui need improving but I'm too lazy to say why
Very interactive am just happy been part of a large family of interaction like Discord. 👍 😜
Cant even set it up. Gets stuck in setup mode where it wants to verify phone number
By far the best messaging app, very secure.
All my servers are missing now for game communication 😕 I didn't remove them getting a blank screen
Had to roll back to the 205.15 version before the most recent UI change. Don't get the current mobile version; it tries to fix what isn't broke. Nothing embeds right, the new dark theme is hard to look at, and Discord is doubling down on this garbage. Just use the desktop version if you can help it.
Good app, but with every update it is becoming laggy, developer must discuss nd thinks about this
Respect to user
There isn't a way to look at the open conversation without being selected in the typing window so to the other person it always looks like you are typing them a message, even though you are not.
Love using this platform and it's style
U can't hang up call you can hear who's on phone but people can't hear me😭
This app is slow. It stops often. When I want to text someone, I have to wait at least 4 minutes to be able to type. Then it takes a long time to send.
Very nice !!! Far better than WhatsApp
Removing SMS capabilities assures that no one on the fence can slowly transition to it by talking to the people that do have signal while retaining sms functionally and not fragmenting the "texting" into two apps. Good job telling the customers what they want under the guise of not "confusing users" as to whether or not a message is encrypted. Couldn't be clearer. Used it for all messages and it worked great. I hate to watch the developers kill the chance of mainstream adoption like this.
Not sure what going on but since about Monday or Tuesday this week for some reason people with AT&T and Cricket have been unable to get messages from me. I can get messages from them but they aren't the messages I'm sending. Please fix this issue I've been using this service for a long time to communicate with family and friends. I would hate to have to start over using another service or app.
It's nice free for real i love it
Starts free but my phone had gone out and I'm having to use that number because my SIM card got locked and information all messed up I'm having to use Wi-Fi calling temporarily until I can go get another phone that I can actually buy it from the company instead of off the street so got my bank to send me a code for access txt now blurred it and wants money for verification code txt..y'all suck and I'll tell everyone that you suck
new mobile UI sucks (I haven't updated at all so my discord is slowly breaking but I don't want to see that ugly thing lmao) possible solution would prob be to bring it back, maybe recreate it but updated internally so both parties (discord & users)
For some reason I keep disconnecting from the call when I'm like playing games with my friends
Discord ruining life
You were real for so long😞 nobody needed ya to change.. you fumbled. Go back to YOU, baby
I love this app!!! Not giving it a full 5 stars because it will stop notifying me when a message comes through and I have to reset my sound setting. Now it's gotten to where I have to refresh just to see if there are new messages. Fix these issues and I'll give it a 5.
It was good but I cannot login to my account. Idk what is wrong but....
Very good app!
Really good anonymous messaging service though can have faults on occasion (messages never arriving) so can be hard to depend on, especially when organizing events.
Missed lots of calls and disconnected often.  Texting was the best way to use this app.  Served its purpose but could be better
it's a good line to have for a spare phone line
It's the best app even know I don't use it often
Keeps dropping calls!!!! Please fix
app deletes my msgs when im ready to send.
5 Alive
Cool to have but phone calls drop often but texts go thru
Could have rated 5 stars but I have an issue When I try to login it says New login detected while it's not I tried to only enter Phone number and clicked Forget password and I Actually got sms this says my Account is like lost :(
29th Dec 2023 Freezes when adding image (Samsung S22) –––––––––––––––––––––– Positive + Secure and small app size. Negatives - I'm in the process of transferring from WhatsApp - please add basic facilities user interface. Telegram has better tools and facilities.
Please let us delete messages. I have chats going back to 2014 that I don't need. I archive them but all that does is hide them...
It is not bad
the new UI is terrible. what a step back.
See power of Muslim 😡
The app is good but I have one problem with it. I had some porn or dating site send me an invite and there isn't any way to delete the invite. All I could do was archive and mute the person who sent it. I'd rather delete it altogether. Thanks
Pretty good app for gaming community and such. Could add a help section for new users to learn how to navigate
For now I'm having pissed off cause it's not working since yesterday not like for the past couple of months very active.
once we figured out why one person in the group wasn't able to get on, it's been fine
order free SIM card from text now for unlimited free talk and text, but no data.
This app is great for family communication! We use it every day sharing pictures and stories. So easy and non invasive.
This is pretty cool for an app.
bought coins last month before i went to DR so i could still call my son. calls didnt work. thought maybe it was cause i was in a dif country even though it worked last year in DR. tried to make a call tonight and it still didn't work. updated the app, still didnt work. so thanks for taking my money for nothing
No annoying ads and reassuringly secure. The problem is I have to open signal to get new messages to come through. Not particularly helpful for work or family life. I used to donate money to Signal because it seemed like the answer i was looking for, but these problems are pretty fundamental flaws. I'm now considering deleting the app due to its inability to notify me of messages. People are now calling me instead which doesn't work for me either!
After most recent updates channels only open in read only half the time, do not switch and even stick between servers. Horrible and unusable.
re are not filtered a
Really good app but the security level can catch you out. Changed phones (same sim and number) and tried the code many times and it won't let me in. Now it says my account will delete in 6 days. Thank you devs for not having a better way to do this. The number is correct as everything else works OK. Shame.
I is good but it is glitchy sometimes but over all it is nice to use
Bug atm on note 10 we're after typing a couple words the app crashes and yes I'm on latest firmware everything is to date and if anything the problem is worst even after reinstalling app
Bruh. I want to verify my Gmail but it won't send the message. I tried updating Gmail but it still didn't work. I even downloaded Email.
I just got this app so I could door dash myself good over all the app is fine but like lot ads 🧛🏻🧛🏻🧛🏻
couldn't keep it simple. to many hoops to jump through.
I try many time to open my account, didn't let me log in to my account and i couldn't use all the attempts Complex app
This is a horrible app Reason: when you're in a call ADD PLAYS AND U CANT EVEN HEAR THE PERSON THAT UR CALLING Reason 2: ITS STUPIDLY LAGGY OVER ALL DONT DOWNLOAD THIS APP BUT MY MOM MAKES ME KEEP IT, THIS APP IS HORRIBLE I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND GETTING IT!!
Its very g
Telegram is a joke compared to this
Showed up on my phone, not sure where it came from. I use Google Messenger and have never used anything else because I don't send private information over the Internet like other naive idiots do
Try taking money two times a month, what a pos app,choppy at best
Great way for family and friends to pass info, pictures, and chat. And just be together.
Textnow can't create new account niw
Its not the best text and call app. You need minutes, so you have to watch videos. I reccomind text now. You don't need minutes and you don't need to watch videos. Yes it has adds but its better then text free. Text free is still a good app though.💙💖
Can't post to my groups and got no help from cust service. Uninstalled and reinstalled and it took multiple attempts to even get logged back in. I was able to post once and then the problem reoccurred. The error messages are coming from the app, but cust service wants to blame ISP even though the same problem occurs without WiFi connection.
This app works but really needs to improve its design & call quality. If I press things too quickly the app stops working, theres a lot of lag/delay, and the phone call quality is not great. You also can't send or receive gifs. At first I thought the service quality was due to it being through wifi, but the phone call quality on google hangouts was crystal clear so it's not that.
I skype with my 4yr son. He loved the emoji's till skype took them out for some dumb reason. Please bring back the emoji's
You have to pay to use if you need confirmation codes. Not ok. Especially with medical ☹️
Great for 2nd phone number, endless burner #s
Good app but I'm not getting notifications at all. Nothing is muted and the settings are set to send alerts so I'm not sure what the issue is
they can't hear me. We say hello or can u hear me now, several times and
They could add lots of other features like reacting to comments not just liking them, which would make the app closer to other popular platforms. Also easier to add in gifs and other fun conversations pieces. You can use them still just not as easily as it should be.
Not worth it anymore, I've had this app for years and loved it. I was having a problem sending sms so i thought it needed and update. But now it says I can't send any messages to someone who does not have signal... I'm so upset because I now have to change my text app to one I don't know how to use.
Gr8 and awesome, it's a perfect app
Clear and no problems
So many buttons don't even work.
Easy to keep in touch with people. Would be better if there was an easier way to find friends if you already have the app. Have to send link so they can join. Also if you have an error trying g to upload you cannot delete it, so it alerts you everytime you log in. That is annoying. Otherwise I like the app.
New update performance sucks
Great for 2nd #, When ur switching phone company's or in a bind.. No complaints it's free & overall pretty reliable with wifi. Thank you TextNow
It is okif you ask me
1 star removed for poor mobile performance and lack of options to automatically reduce mobile data usage
I am very satisfied with the application.
Edit December 2023: New UI is a failure. The complaints from earlier in the year that were supposedly addressed were brought back tenfold. The app worse than when it started. Ten steps backward with this new update. Please fix the search bar to actually be useful again instead of having to go manually through every single channel separately.
If Signal can get the same message scheduling capabilities as Google's Messages app then it's 5 stars!
I can still talk but the lastest update makes it so mobile users can't send images, like.. at all, idk why it was changed at all the original format was fine. You made it worse!
Have credit but all calls fail. Viber is working so I'm uninstalling this pos.
It drops calls the other ppl cant hear u
Worst app ever it runs out of mins to call people
Can you please update it so I can share my screen again and make the chat in the video call so I don't have to go out of the video call to see the chat. Thank you!
Discord is very good app
So skype is really good app. But me and my friend had a bug occuring in laptops. I dont know if this is a bug or me and my friend's laptop are bad but. When we are in a call,sometimes it just directs us back to the main screen like how we opened skype and making us leaving the call. If this is a bug,please fix it. Thank you.
It's a great app to have I use it almost everyday for sending text messages there are a few things that I believe need improvement... way too many ads, getting more minutes is a hassle if your not purchasing them and when making a selection too many times it slows the app down
Extremely useful and with solid functionality
It sucked noone responed and i texted them a year ago with no response
Late or no notice for messages, say things weren't sent when they were
It kept having issues and shows error / bugs. Please release fixes
Just another walked garden messager on Android since the removal of sms.
I'm like many others I depend on this app and with the new update before I can even enter the app it crashes! Plz fix ASAP
At least this one works
I can no longer swipe left to see active members. My personal messages are in a seperate menu instead of above the servers. I dont like this new update. GO BACK.
what a great 👍😃👍😃 app for ppl who can't afford a phone bill ty.
Limited functionality; cannot delete, completly remove threads and conversations. You can archive only and then only one message at a time. I have to wade through hundreds of messages to get only what I need. Too time consuming. My coworkers like it and fill the threads regularly, I don't have that kind of time.
I like discord alot, I use it on my phone and computer, but the new mobile update has ruined it for me. I have to open and close the app atleast 5 times before it lets me messages my friends otherwise I'm stuck on my servers channel screen. And when I click on the message button at the bottom it doesn't do anything, but if I click on a server it opens. I can barely even talk to people anymore.
The app is great. The only things I would like to see change are the notification alerts when muted. I don't like seeing my name a notification even with my name tagged in the message if I set the chat to mute. The other thing is being able to delete messages and remove yourself from a group chat.
Getting rid of sms for non signal users is a good way of making your app worthless.
Absolutely love using the app but it completely changed my login details when i tried to sign in my account with my new phone, I almost had a melt down
I liked this app because i could talk to family or friends from all the way across the world and this app is just amazing ill give the rating a 3 star 🌟 😄
Its ok. Works good since my phone is off other than that nothing bad about the app
It's a nice alternative to connect with friends or make new ones
app worked good for one day but now it doesnt call only text... its annoying... restarted the app uninstalled and reinstalled the app reseted my phone as well and it still dont work waste of time.
Horrible any numbers I tried wouldnt work
Good app.
This site is very good I enjoy using it
change devices it's a major issue trying to get into it. I can see why line
My discord keeps crashing whenever i open an announcement/forum channel and keeps crashing when i open it, i uninstalled and reinstalled, deleted cache and more but it keeps crashing
Its horrible Wen I connect to WiFi
Sometimes I get messages immediately, and sometimes it is several hours later.
Everytime i get incoming calls it always hang up why is that?
It's good 👍
You took my number away I paid for this service yet you gave my number away. Wow I want my money back never again will I use this
Interface is HORRIBLE AND IMPOSSIBLE AND ANNOYING TO NAVIGATE!!!
It works well for me. I'm the Director of Nutrition at a 200 bed hospital. I have 2 supervisors/managers working for me plus we use a 3rd party company that supplies us with dietitians. Most dietitians have 2 and 3 jobs and a day here, 2 days there etc. I haven't seen one of the dietitians in over a year but this is our manager so we stay in constant contact. This is our manager log.
They force you to allow them to record your conversations before you can use the app. No privacy at all.
best aps for calling
I only gave you three cuz I just started this today
After even a few minutes of use, images stop loading unless I reboot the app. Clearly since they load after the reboot this is not a network issue. So why? Edit: Got a notification for a dev response, but the Play Store won't let me see it here for some reason, and in the reviews section I see dev responses but my own review isn't there yet. I'll check back every few hours.
for somr reason...it is super slow to open
Hummm this is very cool application i love it 🙂
Can't make calls and nobody can hear me
Every time I send a Text it Does not send it email me please
It's been great and reliable so far.
I do like the fact that the app really is 100% free for texting anyone.  However the phone signal will say "excellent"  yet I'll make the call,  and it always sounds like static and then you can't even end the call.... You have to hit home then finally force close!?  Will you guys please work on that issue and then I'd be happy to give it a 5 star rating.    Thanks
Recently made a change to the mobile UI, dropped iconic color palette, layout structure, and way things are displayed. New ui also has significant and problematic input lag as well as load times.
It's okay the service will serve It's purpose depending on the level and location
Ever since WhatsApp has turned into trash, I've been using Signal. Truly displays the power of FOSS.
Good because I talked with my friend
Good for studying but kinda addictive if use not carefully
Just because I have a server doesn't mean that I want to add notifications for every game I play on that server. My private server is for a specific game, so please add a follow feature for other game servers that does not require. Me to add my private server in order to follow the other games that I play. Or bring back the individual follow options. 🙄
Calls are constantly dropping, service is NOT what it once was.
It keeps lagging all the time, it was good at first but now it's so laggy I can't call and I have to close the app a lot
It's an okay app and when its working its great, but there are way to many times notifications do not appear.
Awesome group
It's great. Helps me keep in touch and save money
I have the Samsung Galaxy Tab S7 FE as of this month. My parents are using my old Samsung Galaxy Tab E. We love Skype
The new app ui design is horrible and they refuse to let you choose the old ui.
Account transfer process is shockingly flaky. Will probably abandon this app as a result, since I can no longer trust that my data is recoverable.
This app is amazing, genuinely something I use everyday and I'm happy that I get to meet friends and stay in contact with them with this But what the hell is with the new layout?? Everything worked perfectly before, I don't understand why you had to change it. If it where up to me, I'd make it a toggle. Just someway to get the old one back.
Nice and great app
3 because you need minutes to call somebody and if somebody calls you you can pick it up
The app and service is very good all-round, haven't seen too many issues as of this month.
Everytime you get a message it shows up on a pop up banner across the top of the screen. It still happens even if I turn off the pop up notifications. Until this is changed, my rating will remain 1 star.
Without SMS support this app sucks.
Just downloaded the app and unable to earn credits while watching videos. Unable to make calls without being able to earn credit to make them.
Signal Private Messenger App is good but the only thing that disfigured it is that it sometimes don't work normally for example I sent my girlfriend a text on Signal as she's also a signal user and the exact message isn't found in the chat list till I started scrolling and my latest text was staying up in the middle of our last month conversation which isn't good at all then I can't find the text nor know what was our last conversation
signing in on multiple devices equals absolutely no privacy.
I don't trust their new president. That's the most untrustworthy face I've ever seen. Signal is toast, if you put your confidence in it, you'll get burned. Also what kind of privacy app requires you to doxx yourself just to communicate? Forced phone number exchange is absolutely pathetic
Never works and charges 10 a month sub bs
I've been using this app for a long while. Lately, it will dial someone I'm texting, then have no call screen or active call in the status bar to disconnect the call. I had to fully turn off my phone to disconnect from someone's vm after a app-induced call to someone I was texting as their vm kept giving prompts to re-record or hang up and I had no way to hang up. EXTREMELY frustrating!!
stop changing things just for the sake of change.
Removing SMS functionality means my quest for an independent unified messenger that allows me to do secure messaging -- when I need to -- continues. If I cared whether the telco tech got bored and read my messages, I wouldn't be using SMS. It's not like Signal ever left me confused about which I was using. Idealism beat pragmatism again, and something of value was lost.
Loving the new UI 🐱
This app worked well until about a week or two ago when I was suddenly unable to send texts. It would seem to send, but after I went out of the conversation,  all evidence I had written the text was gone. Additionally, group chats are weird. I receive all thr messages said in the chat separately from each person in it.
great alternative or primary phone number app. I highly recommend.
bullcrap my calls or text dont come through and when i try to call out it says no internet connect and i have great internet service never have problems except for using this app
How do I uninstall an Update? 😭😭😭 It has been weeks, and I still hate the new UI... Also, it's impossible to upgrade from Nitro Lite to normal Nitro apparently??? I tried for a good hour yesterday, even bought myself a gift, only to find out that it's straight up Not Possible... Wasted 10€, so that's fun! (I know I can use the gift after the Lite runs out, but I don't need Nitro anymore by that point... I was trying to make a joke in a server right now not in a few weeks...)
It's a decent app BUT WHY IS THERE A LIMIT TO HOW LONG YOU CAN CALL (those minutes)
This app makes clarity calls for the most part. It can also frustrated one if needing to make business call and it happens to get close to running out of minutes, it will announce it, which is rather embarrassing.
Great app runs well but the user interface gets worse every update
Good but have some voice channel issues and they are not trying to fix or agree it
groupme does not always notify me so that's really annoying...
got rid of practicality and aesthetics with no added productive features, disappointed.
IT THE BEST
Constantly crashing, very frustrating
Some weird people called me 19 times and said bad words!dont like it
First time using it
It's a gud app, i wish th dev. To add more features , lik this popular apps. I hope i wil love it. Its my first time using it.
Does not work unless you guys the premium version
Why did you change inteface old inteface was good + in new inteface it starts from dm instead of channel. Please bring back old inteface
Real Time and instant visible call
Sami gotten fired from the other side of yr or other people who doesn't know what they don't want to be in the same place as sami
This last update, has caused issues accessing settings. Specifically setting customized notifications per contact. Please take this into immediate consideration.
I love discord but in some question channels make me uninstall and then reinstall to work
Hate this application ban 😠😠😠😠😠 ban this application ban 😠😠😠😠😔😠😔😠😔😔😔😠
can't use with out wifi
Using it for homeworld mobile and karvegaming.yt discord
This app is so good for video calling. Excellent
Privacy focused, unlike Facebook's WhatsApp. Been using it for almost 3 years now and it's flawless.
Very few issues. Great way to stay connected.
Good private app for overseas and NOT part of FaceBook
I need my money back
It keep on kickinng me out
The new UI is abysmal. I still love the app but you NEED TO undo the UI changes, or at least add a setting for the user to revert back to the old one. Nobody complaining means you should leave things as they were.
Used to be the only messaging app I'd use. Will no longer recommend due to dropping of SMS.
A great lil chat app, helps organize DnD and other fun events
Sometimes we don't get all the messages......
Update: can't use on Tablet? Sync is not consistent, lost past chats messages
It works and it's cheap but the interface is appalling. I mean when you
It's hanging a lot....can it be solved with any updates or not....or I should uninstall it and look for any other app ??
The unblock button finally popped up and I unblocked them. Why wasn't that button there before?
Doesn't call in like its suppose to
The changes made since Microsoft took it over have made the app less clear, more complicated. Since recent updates, the app does not make any ring noise on Android tablet, and this call , I didn't answer, but fortunately heard a familiar far away voice- could have been saying private things.
Horrible. I used this app because I was not happy with paying so much money for more minutes so I downloaded this app thinking it was good and I could keep my original number. WRONG! It has so many ads, you have to pick a totally new phone number, and the service is terrible! If you want a good free text/call app then I suggest using another app because I would not waste my time with this crappy one!
I never had a problem with discord, I love the app it's nice, but the new update sucks. I crash and lag alot when on the phone and it's mildly confusing.
Opening the app through message notifications makes the app unusable. Servers and dms are missing, can't react to messages, and sometimes I can't even send messages because it'll keep asking me to verify my email. The only fix is to close the app then reopen it.
I still love the app but, I don't know if because of the recent update if the Notifications get bugged. I don't get them I even restarted my phone and redownloaded it and everything. I'll still keep the app. Just confused on why I'm not getting my messages.
Signal it's really good.
It's sucks   Thanks
Excellent app for work and personal.
Everytime I try to end a call it won't let me so it just waste my minutes. This app is a joke
App isn't accessing the mic properly, people cannot hear me well during Skype calls. I think it's failing to use the "speaker phone mode" of the mic. Oxygen OS 10.3.2 Problem can be solved by using earbuds that have their own mic. Otherwise pretty good.
1 star for getting rid of SMS support. Does anyone like having multiple text apps just to talk to their contacts? Do you know how hard it is to get Grandma to switch apps? The majority of those I text don't care about encryption. Once SMS support is removed, so will my usage of Signal be removed.
It keeps my work team up to date on anything
It's very helpful
I love it
Sometimes it says signal is not available when wifi is working on every other app on divise
This app is hard to open and hard to close won't edit messages it just doesn't work
So someone will try and call me or text me and it won't show up, give notifations or make noise, but it does on my friends phone :/ I want to know how to fix it
This is a great app. It isn't perfect but when it's free you can't really complain about the small glitches.
Its good . But I just wish you got free minutes to start. 😭
Not always reliable. On a couple of occasions the app has got "stuck" showing the same content on the right-hand window, even when I move between servers. Forcing stop and restarting it didn't fix this, and I had to clear the cache and storage to get it to work again.
All it was about was a call
The text part works great but far as calling goes my calls never come through and I've paid money for mins if this was fixed I'd give 5 stars
Really a shite app. Whatsapp is infinitely better in EVERY SINGLE ASPECT
Does app has been very great and I really appreciate it thank you for bringing
Got much worse since the no SMS update.. messages are not being delivered until I open the app manually
They're removing SMS?!? Signal has been my go-to app for SMS for years!!! They're removing one of the best features and adding other useless features. Stories... Really?!? I'm going to stop updating so at least I can keep SMS. Unfortunately it looks like it's time to replace Signal. Sad day.
It's a good back up app, calls drop to much used with Wifi, works better when your device has complete service.
Most calls get dropped. Even though my wifi coverage is excellent
free?
My text aren't being received by some numbers, other numbers get them no problem. Sort of frustrating. Would easily give it 5 stars if fixed though.
It's a good app but it forced close and it doesn't load at times so that's why I give it 3 stars
Like it, makes connection with others great.
I don't receive notification. So I want know I have messages until I open the app
I use it before but now this app not sending any verification code so i can't log in again i am try to log in last 5 day and still now this is not working. #shitsignal
Love the app but there's one problem it deleted your phone number and u have to delete it and download it again.
Good at times.
Well it keeps saying "call rejected" every time I try to make a call. So, no, I'd say this app is not good.
However need to make changes to office mode for the specific user only. Not
My only complaint is that I can not facetime my little boy! I would rate it a lot better if I could and I am sure a lot more people would use it
Calls cut out.
Hi! I like to report your app cause i cant open my account when i log out and when i want to open my acc they say my account doesn't exist:( i had previous acc that cant open too i also forgot to save password
recent update is horrible, why force an UI change when people have been perfectly fine using the old one for years?
When i send emojis to the other person it doesn't show up
I have saved the same number six times and neither Pinger nor Text Free will save them to its contacts list in the app. My phone contacts have multiple numbers for the same people yet Pinger won't detect them at all. Until this is fixed, I'm no longer using some free messaging app that won't even detect the contacts I save to it.
Signal is better. If you are wanting to start a group chat, use something else. People like me who don't want this app have to rely on GroupMe's unreliable SMS.
I would rate higher but it is incredibly frustrating that I am unable to send videos even very small files like 2mb. Why is this? It has me searching for a new app
Good app. Not my favorite chat app since there is only one reaction and limited file types you can share, but it's simple and easy to use with a clean interface.
Can't post stories 😕
It's great but ........WHEN ARE WE GONNA BE ABLE TO SEND VOICENOTES .....I THINK ITS TIME FOR THAT NOW AM TIRED OF TYPING LONG ASS PARAGRAPHS ❗
Why you guys changed ui ? After update it's very hard to do any task in mobile discord I can't even open channel if I did i need to open discord again and again can even see online member list
So complex and slow
The app is good but the update won't let me send any pictures or videos please fix it
I have been using this for a while now and find it pretty good for keeping small groups of people informed of the goings on. Sometimes, it's a little tedious scrolling through all of the info posted by the group. While I don't manage the communication between our group, it must be tedious keeping things straight and organized. I don't like the phone numbers truncated on the communications. It's hard to follow who's who, unless you have the owners' numbers committed to memory.
Just another group chat. Works well, good option without involving social media.
Awww i love this app but i don't have the emoticons icon nor the picture option :(
Horrible   new ui. Does not remember   sign in details any more.  Harder to use than the previous version!
Fails to push notifications unless the app is open
Best app this is really give me us number Thanks
Need two accounts option for android phone
Liked it, but no SMS support means I gotta uninstall. Not gonna juggle apps depending on who I text with. Also the constant begging for donations when the app starts is really annoying. One more thing, cant send video to people that dont have Signal - not even 3 sek clip. Really stupid decisionmaking, this app is gonna lose alot of users when the SMS-suppory drops. Gonna keep using app till then though, and change rating to 4 if decision to drop SMS is reverated and video to SMS comes back.
when i try to sign up, it can't work. even i try to change for 3 phones, nothing work keep telling me error code. 9080{99907] [07570] somrhting like that
Its free and its easy
I hate this
Pretty Nice, would be 5 star but I keep running into a strange glitch where when trying to edit or add a reaction the options will all be really thin for some reason.
Works good,  perfect for group texts if someone does not have this app
It's pretty good, but I'm having a massive problem with video. Anytime I'm on a call, if the person I'm calling turns on their camera it freezes every few seconds, and the only way to unfreeze it is to minimize the call and maximize it again. It's extremely frustrating and annoying, would be 5 star if video wasn't so broken.
I don't normally leave reviews but the new ui is a really nice change. I haven't seen a company make a positive change in a long time so it's very refreshing.
I love this app because I can talk to a bunch of people but I'm not big on there's not many but I just wish there was an ad
Give the user's the option to save the live stream
Its would let me make call but the texting works great.
Lots of bugs still in this app
It's not letting me answer my calls or press numbers
I like this because it allows me to call without minutes
I verified my own email so please let me in
Great for internet phone service
I've had this app for yearsas am extra people ne and it worked great no issues whatsoever. Lately it's been not thing but problems. Wont load messages, wont ring, I constantly delete app and reinstall to get it to work properly and when I do that it's only for a minute
Can you guys make more styles for the bubbles and background please!!!! 💬
If my group wasn't haven't problems then it would be a 5 star!
I won't let me call out but I can text.
This new mobile UI is horrible and function is horrible, change it back
be warn, your contact information is shared.
dawg yall removed AMOLED, I accidentally deleted discord and now I can't go back to AMOLED which was better for my eyes
the name (cannot edit name of contact from another group to start with).
It's cool...my people use it more than I would like...bit it does serve a great purpose...
Good Apps
Great app! Excellent voice clarity during audio calls
I've used Discord for 3 years or smth and I like it, but this version kinda bad cuz 1½ reasons: 1- it's waaay less smooth than last versions 1 ½- sending pics or files is harder and it requires you to actually go to gallery/files and share pics/files from there which is... meh
useful to almost non-existent. It only comes through email, so you have to
All of my chats disappeared.
Nice app but...but don't know why this app is delivering late messages. Message would be delivered after an hour .... It makes the main problem please fix the issue
It drops calls all the time.
If you don't have good or solid WiFi connection don't bother. Not to mention the adds and the length of them to add minutes. Good in a pinch though.
It taks a long time intill it loads
App does what it says and works exceptionally great if you want the WHOLE UNIVERSE CONSTANTLY calling you from before you get up until whenever. Worst aggravation EVER! Non-stop BS spam calls all day and if you get a locked-in number for your personal contacts it costs you to keep it. It automatically recharges your pymt account without getting approval from you first.
The app just isn't as good since they've merged all the versions. Long holds are very buggy, I can't even create a forum post on mobile, it bugs out every time. Edit: Another update, another regression. The app is barely usable at times now. Channels won't load, pictures are buggy. Very unpleasant. I love Discord but it's a shame that the Android app is in such a sorry state.
It's good it's what I want to have posted on my phone
Doesn't work with my phone.
Ever Since the last update, the app prioritizes loading crisp clean ads over providing the services it advertises. I'm at a hotel and while I can watch a video in 480p without buffering, I cannot make a call using this app. in the time I'm waiting for the app to check my connection, it'll load 3-4 ads before telling me the my connection isn't good enough to call. As if their GREED didn't just suck up all the bandwidth in that single moment. Borderline scumbag design.
Texting works great! Calling.....DOESNT WORK
it's okay but you go way out the country it's not happening and I mean no service
Hello. Service was great until suddenly I couldn't send pictures. Tried the uninstall / reinstall as in the help but no luck. Help.
This app is terrible it's not even letting me sign in.... Y'all need to fix this ASAP!!
the visual quality was terrible
The absolute best
I don't like apps that interrupt & ask for ratings
It was good until the pomelo update dropped.
when u first download it.It takes to long to load when opening app
Don't work for me
I can't login or even sign up, this is embarrassing
I'm on the same page with everyone else here. This new interface was entirely unnecessary. Nobody asked for it, nobody likes it, it's incredibly glitchy and not user friendly. Please pay attention to why your reviews so drastically plummeted. There's a good reason besides "stubborn users are failing to adjust." Take feedback, for pity's sake.
Ever since I downloaded this app I have been trying to get rid of malware and Trojans. Definitely not secure. I can't delete it. This app has destroyed my phone privacy and I severely regret ever trying it. Major security risk.
Very bad experience and costumer service Is -1 Developer doesn't care the app charging people multiple times per month!!
Can't use my contacts and now my replies to a text dont show...waiting for pinger to get back to me...again
Very easy to use
It works pretty good. The picture quality/smoothness could be better at times, and youtube videos dont seem to embed, but it has most key features and I like the company's attitude on privacy.
The new UI is horrible doesnt work, buggy and isn't interacting with the touch screen. The old app was much better and easier to use. I try to open the call and I cannot because the minimised square icon in the corner disappears and therefore I have to disconnected and reconnect for it to reappear. Please change it back to the old one.
Lately Skype has been super slow and glitchy, especially with the updates that have been released in the last few years. Many annoying and unnecessary changes as well, and now I can't even navigate my conversations or send messages without it freezing up and becoming unresponsive Also, it used to keep a memory of what I was doing, for quick multitasking, but now, if I open another app and then come back to Skype, it has to load everything all over again and it's not very good at all
Only used it once, but it gives you a phone number where you can choose where it is, as well as which available number (I rate 4 stars because it allowed me to send pictures of my deceased dog from my tablet to my phone)
And once again I lost my number after having it for 3 months same sinerio and I make a call every day fix this Ya I paid for my number twice and even bought the sim for the sim to not even work.
This latest update is terrible!! Can't tell who I am chatting with half the time. How can I uninstall the updates?
Terrible performance and reliability from this new ui. This is a classic case of style over contact. All glitz but poor function.
Worst app ever !!! Installed and signed up for an account that was how far I could get. The app failed to give me a phone number regardless many attempts with different area codes. Gave it another chance by reinstalling the app, it couldn't recognized my login I just created minutes ago. That's it for me, it seemes a bogus app, wonder where we're all the reviews came from.
Nice and clean! But shouldn't had changed the UI in my opinion, overall everything is working good and fine. Sometimes notifications doesn't pop up, so i think the devs should focus a little bit on that.
I like it but I wish you could change the color and set themes and things like that 😕
It's pretty good when you have a signal if not it'll drop calls if you try to go to an app or something else while you're in a call it will sometimes drop the call you can't go to your calendar or your calculator anything other than that it's great¡3
Calls are always crystal clear!
Don't use this, they ban your accounts for no reason. I made an account, didn't get passed the sign in page, then it says my account was banned. I made another one, texted someone "Yello" (testing to see if it worked), closed the app, went back on to text the person again, tried to log in, it said that account was banned. I didn't even have time to DO ANYTHING! I made that account today! The banning system is so bad, do not recommend.
Great free app. No ads,easy to use.
Makes canceling subscription impossible! Scummy business practice.
After Discord has revised their privacy policies, and cleared things up. It deserves 4 stars. Best gaming messaging platform, not 5 stars due to no Encryption.
Freezes slot. Won't disconnect from calls. Poor audio.
All these recent negative reviews are true. Before this update, discord was great! This update has so many bugs. Texts come in later but you can see part of the new message in the friends list long before it loads in the actual chat. I often have to reset the app because it won't allow me to send a gif I want to send, the loading times for everything has increased, and many more bugs. This mobile app no longer has a user friendly UI. I have a new flagship phone, so my phone isn't the problem.
It very good app
Was great until SMS was removed. Now half of my contacts have gone back to SMS only. It sucks having 2 message apps
Nice very good for me when my phone no service thanks for every one
It says free in the name so it's false advertising or misleading if I gotta upgrade to get verification codes to use the number waste of time
i wish you could upload more than a pic at a time, but otherwise it is great!
It needs to have more minutes
Glorified Group texting, just go use Discord.
I love the app
Live but i forgot my password and theres no way to get it back
Good conversations but all bark and no bite. They don't do what they promise.
Hey, your app is great, really. But there is only one problem. I have some people which I remember their username and I don't remember the 4 numbers. And the Discord tag finder in google only contains numbers. I was thinking maybe whenever someone searches others username fully on Discord, maybe it could show up all the same usernames with the numbers and the profile picture so we won't have any problem, thanks.
Also, the getting the message already in use help message is wrong. I tried
I like the fact that, you don't get to upload stuff to the cloud, everything is backed up locally. 127.0.0.1 😎
Excellent for texting. Awful for phone calls.
to hard to set up
This junk .can't registered. I tried with 4 phone
Can u plz let video being one of the choice
What happened to skype now?? Cannot make any call. Now very bad
Facebook, Google and Line can't send text messages to the phone number the
I really don't see the benefit nor need for yet another communication app...
For over a month now, in voice chats, myself or others would be randomly disconnected without warning. No indication, still appearing in the call, but we'd be completely muted until we hang up and rejoin. I'm also no longer getting notifications despite none of my settings changing. This has only been happening for a day or two, thankfully. Loved the app but giving this a 1 star until both of these issues are resolved.
Nice app
Newest ui update is awful. No one wanted this, multiple people asked for this change to not happen, and they still went through with it. Discord is becoming Teams at this rate and it makes me want to uninstall.
FIX THE NOTIFICATIONS Please, its unusable when people don't know they got a msg!
I have finally started to be in contact with my dad again through signal. We have checked all the notification settings and I have even reinstalled the app and am still not getting notifications. Please help. I really want to keep in touch with my dad.
good nice to connect friends.
I'm running Android lollipop and for some reason I can't change the group picture for any of my groups. Would give full stars if this could be changed
This is by far the worst app on the play store. God forbid you don't text someone every single day it will THREATEN to release your phone number. The day before I got the first message I used it to text my mom. The next day it says "your number will be released soon due to inactivity." They lost a customer. Don't fall for this fraudulent app. They make you pay like $1 a day to keep it but still. That adds up.
Really handy to have in dead zones but WiFi is able to call still.
Great app one the best
I've used this app for 4 years and it's a wonderful way to communicate, but the voice message option will NOT work! It keeps recording even if it is not locked, and the only way to make it stop is to close the app, and then, the recording doesn't even send! I really enjoy being verbal, and I'm very frustrated at this. Please fix it.
I love it !
I like it, esp that I can tell when text has been seen. Occasionally, I don't receive texts others have sent (signal & non signal). It may have to do with fact that where I am now, the internet is off at night). 11/23 I am very pleased with the signal app. Esp the privacy. No problems except when there is no internet!
I've been trying to cancel my account and the app doesn't have a spot where u can tap on to talk to someone so I wouldn't get this app.
Why not showing opposite persons active or inactive status???????? Please anyone help me for fixed the issue??
After the update, the app is no longer giving out free minutes even with watching a video or additional offers. Please fix, it was working before.
Sometimes it goes back to old messages and hard to get back to the new one.
This app is used to scam people. I personally believe I have been a victim of a scam with this app. It must be reported to the FTC before someone gets sued. Please report it to Google Play Store before Google (the Corp.) is sued and fined...again.
It never sends me my pin code, like I've downloaded it 5 times and still doesn't send my pin, help please.
Emoji still can't be added to channel names in the app.
This phone was good they just pressure you to quick to upgrade to fast .
Not bad, but don't like how they reassign your number so quickly.
I Love It
Okay so I've had this app for a few years in the beginning 5 stars but in the last few months things got weird. They took the number and I got a new 1 but it doesn't work. No inbound or text the number just doesn't work, but I wasn't allowed to change me number but once every 30 days. So it has been a useless thing to me recently. It very disappointing. I would even pay for the service but scared the new number will not work. When it was working it was great love the hold music and all.
Response: always have app updated; only affected that phone. new one is fine so far Edit: calls are dropping lately. So frustrating! Orig: I like this app just fine. Its helped me out in a pinch & allows me to stay connected to people when I lose a phone (frequently) since the # transfers new phone annoying ads ~ accidentally click on them all the time. that's how money is made, fine. My biggest thing is, this app is 4GB?!?! What the?!!! The UI is basic, no crazy features. Why the huge space cos
i can now talk to my friends its a 5 for me
To many fake people on here
I don't know how to link my group to the app
I like using discord's platform for group chats, but after the recent updates I'm no longer interested in using the latest mobile client. Will be downgrading to a previous version for the foreseeable future because the new UI changes offer no useful improvements over the layout I was already comfortable with
It works well, I've really never had an issue but I don't use it much.
Why did the mobile layout have to be changed? Now it just looks like facebook messenger 🫥
I'm not recieving Notifications from the App , I can see the messages and the missed call only when I open the App. Please kindly do something about it.
They can't even make a proper mobile app
Good app but slow to send files and vedios
Need UPI base donation option without knowing user data , donate need lots of information about donar
Lost all of my contacts and deleted all my old conversations. Trash app, reminded me why I dumped it in the first place! >:(
Convenance when you need quick use.
This app is very good but the problem is that we can't call on phone nos. using this app,within India even.
They try to force you to pay in order for calls to work properly. If you dont watch ads or pay incoming calls wont work and you wont be able to place calls.
Easy to use and private.
Trash all around zero stars
The app itself is very buggy, the menu barely works and the notifications are spotty at best. It also just deleted my account. No warning, no pop-up, just logged me out and said my account no longer existed when I tried to log in.
Just peachy
i love discord, i really do but... i hate the new update. i hate how we have to use slash commands. it's very annoying. the bots aren't even fun anymore bc so many commands disappear. I'm giving it 3 stars. please remove the slash commands, everyone hates it.
Always good!!! Never fails!!
Well I hate that my parents will find out that I'm talking in a call too someone random
Loved that it did secure messaging along with the unsecured SMS. Not everyone has Signal so to be able to do both was huge. By getting rid of SMS I can only message people who have Signal which isn't a lot. This decision was wildly disappointing and makes the app almost useless.
As far as calling apps go it's not a bad one. Some of the features are cool. It works so that's all that really matters.
App will not notify when I receive new texts and calls. Phone is completely quiet, doesn't even vibrate 😬
It loads really slow.
So far so good. It's all It's supposed to be, and more. Phone app. Cooollll.
Good quality in every thing
cant get good service anywhere
I was depending on textnow because they purposely send ads to get you t pay for it after you got a pleasant first couple of times using it and then it starts to happen why you going to get a lot of money why not help people with out being a pain in the phone .this is other who say there helping people out yes I know it bizz so don't use the word free .and put adds where it's hard to pull off yr phone to make a important call .I lost a change at a great job today but the abbs would not go away .i
it wouldnt even let me use my email it kept saying some one already had it
It's a good app but this past update to the user interface is ugly and causes lag. I'm a server owner and when I need to delete spam messages it takes too long because I have to confirm each deletion. Go back to the 2017 interface and I'll give it five stars. it updated again, and its even worse now. The menu that pops up when i swipe right is useless to me. Give me the option to disable it. I have bad arthritis. It hurts to reach that far over to drag text channels over. Stop doing this. Trash.
Never sends pictures!
I think this is a great app.. But I can't send pics. It always say the number I am sending to is not a US mobile number.
Why this app not open in Nigerian
Not enough writing space. Takes 2 or 3 lines od text and then affs another post.
I love the app I made plenty of new friends but Idk if discord checks reviews that much but wouldn't it be fun if you can next to friend people also put something like gf or bf and that you can reject, accept and let's be friends. Don't ask me how I got this idea btw
Very helpful 🙏
I would love to be able to have full access of the sound settings and put it as I like. I noticed that the noise reduction is too annoying I would love to edit that.  Edit: older versions were better sincr they've consumed less power and were 60% faster, version I'm using now is very slow and when I type really fast on keyboard it deletes some of the words I've written and becomes very very slow and laggy.
Keep saying something didnt go through, please check your network connection and try again, and when i click the link, says the page doesnt exist
The little annoyances add up
I love these app freedom
I'm gonna have to change my review from last time. Whenever I open the app, the ui sometimes tends to not load and get squished in the middle, as someone said before. Sometimes, it happens twice, so I end up having to restart the app. There is also a problem with how you move roles or channels. It sometimes doesn't stick to where your finger is, so you're having to move your finger higher than it should be. Other than that, it's still a brilliant app to socialise and play games on.
Makes my phone slow, and takes forever to text or call
You need to work on the app push notification. Can't receive messages
This is fine for texting but the video is terrible. It's like watching a flip book. One picture then another, then another but no actual movement.
So I can text people but when it comes to companies or apps texting codes I need to redeem, they never show up. Is there anyway this can be fixed? Otherwise, cool little tool.
Dropped sms useless for normal users.
The new mobile layout is horrible. The call quality is a lot worse now. The app before the new layout was perfectly fine.
Ridiculously complicated.
very useful tool. it does need a search function though to easily look at past messages.
Very less sound on mobile
GOOD signal📲 for now I want buy mins since I read reviews THO. but it good good so far just a temp line for me(.)
It won't let me send messages out to people but other than that and the ads it's basically perfect
GREAT APP FOR TEXTS AND WI-FI CALLS
As many others have stated, the most recent update has ruined the VC feature. Cannot connect to voice channels at all. It will show me in the channel, but it just says "connecting" permanently and I can't hear anyone, and they can't hear me. I've already contacted support and they have been extremely unhelpful, blaming me for the issue despite the fact that it is obviously the app. Please fix this broken app.
I like the app but the new layout is terrible
Working OK... For now.
Talking on the phone is the worst. You cannot hear anything and no one can hear you. It's staticy and cuts off every few seconds.
Spotty st best.
hard to hear the voicemail
It works sometimes.
I can't use it because it says ultra rare error and Ik other people have been experiencing it so pleas fix it
It's actually a good app, but when I'm talking to a friend, it freezes 😔
It works it does what they say it'll do it's got nice features. And the ads aren't too annoying
ptt(push to talk) doesnt work and it wont show the kye binding to use it
3 stars cus the app is good but the UI is now worse than before. Pls revert it...
Love this application. I wish more people would use it and support the developers. I donated to keep the project going. Thank you for a wonderful product.
I've tried everything I can to get this app to work without wifi it's almost impossible. I hate this app
It was absolutely terrible i had the app for 3 years, but when my account got disabled I contacted discord 3 TIMES and all they said was the same thing without awnsering my questions or letting me explain myself. If you have an account with friends or family then delete it because if discord takes action towards me for "violating tos" and not letting me explain my self then someone saying the n word and not getting disabled then of corse I will be very angry.
I like the app but a bit laggy at start when opened or updated not a problem you can fix i think just different phone qualitys
The app is pretty good overall but the only thing that needs to be fixed is the notifications. Like i didnt mute anyone but i still dont get notifications of them texting.
New update isn't working. Messages are taking too much time to send and receive. Please fix it.
The software is very good my only issue is lots of pedo
This app is trash
Barien Acton,I read your story that's why I download signal app good luck bro .
I just know about this through our team and it will help because preperation begings from home the base (Team) Already done read the message.Thanks
The new UI is awful. I can't even figure out how to save changes to my bio.
Im iranian thank you for free call ❤❤❤❤
You guys owe me $1.99 cent Or you can run me my 100 minutes plus bonus for my inconvenience
Slow very slow... Keeps shutting down the app
Does not connect to Bluetooth devices
Notifications not working at all. I only get notifs after opening the app
Spam is getting ridiculous, no way to actually stop or filter it. The group me app and website is extremely poorly equipped to block or report spam and has a "failure" message every time I try to do either one.
It will not let me call anyone even though they have Skype! It keeps asking me to pay!
I have used discord for quite some time, I would like to make a suggestion if they can improve their voice messaging system that they have added. Though it's a good idea in concept. It has not worked for me as it has frozen the app I As when this happens, I'm unable to leave the app and cause me to unable to send a messages. Can they fix this please?
After I downloaded the app it messed up my volume and speaker. Had to uninstall it to watch netflix and hulu.
It use to work just fine. But now it won't even let me open the app. So I unintalled it.
Often there lags
The new update has made the app extremely glitchy. Quite annoying to be honest.
Love it. It's really helpful
new needless updates that nobody is asking for, and nobody really likes makes discord really frustrating. they've been doing well for years, but there changing every that makes it good.
Horrible. Doesn't let me join groups when people try and invite me. Doesn't even let me search for groups.
Notifications don't sound when I get a message nor does I get downloads of pictures
Put in more effort
It's private an responds very quickly
Pretty good. Helpful
I love it very much
For months, you tried to sneak the update on me. I kept declining. Because I knew it was garbage.  Somehow you FORCED it on my laptop. And now....garbage. I would PAY for a reliable service.  I don't expect free stuff.  Don't lure people in and force them to eat garbage.
I have 11gb backup file but when I try to restore it at the last stage of restoring message the app crashes I'm so upset that I used this app for so long created a backup thinking that I can recover my messages but I am not able to do that this app crashes when you try to restore messages.
Love the FOSS experience!!!!
I have it on my other device (it's dead rn) and it won't let me download it on this phone, I used to have it until I deleted it for who knows what reason. it keeps saying there's a problem with two words; send feedback or got it. I kept on trying to download it but it just won't work, it's still a nice app though!
The new layout is absolutely garbage. You no longer can easily swipe to get to places, it takes extra taps to go there. I am very displeased with it. The old layout was perfectly fine and this is a good example of a "if it's not broken don't fix it" Discord please restore the old layout
Bullshit app
Text now can be stupid sometimes. I go an try send a text and it says not sent! Grrrr 🙄😤
Easy way to stay up to date with my company.
Asks for your pin # too much. You can only have one emotion towards each text. I'm not a huge fan. Sorry.
Talk to people for free
Love it so far.
Need work but great app over all
Doesn't always work and messages aren't sent or revieved.
Calls are not going through and they break up picture don't come through all the time
Its ok :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
It keeps dropping calls, takes over my mic so i cant record video,
Great app, user friendly 👏
Awful service and dropped calls
It takes to long  to download
I can barely hear the other callers voice
This app is the worst with it's "oops looks like your out of minutes." What if you need to call your parents? What if your being kidnapped? If I could I would leave a 0 star but I can`t. Please fix this it is very annoying. Also it shouldn`t be called text free if you have to watch a video or pay for minutes. I can`t express how mad this app makes me. Please fix it.
Better... but now the app just lags and freezes my phone upon opening and closing.
Very bad,no call in app telegram please repair
Please For The Love of God change the UI back. Please. This looks disgusting. This app really is getting worse with every update. Why must you do this to us. Like if you need this UI so badly, at least give us back the old one in the settings. I'm fine if you're gonna stop working on it, I don't care, just give me the option to use the old UI. This change is so useless and unintuitive. Doesn't even look like Discord anymore. Please.
Is good up until they cut me off and made me start paying to use it so i think that was not good and sure not free so yup! But other then that up in l that it was really free and good so i think that is what I was went through and everyone n need is different so might as well try it to see?
Verification keeps popping up and does not allow messages to be sent. It's very frustrating. Having this nonsense since yesterday! Am fed up!
whats going on with the call rejected every call i make saying that
It's against to Muslim community so I'm boycott this app
But I would like to suggest to add a profile badge for users who's account is 2 years or 5 years old. And it can be obtained before 2030
I found myself late of two hours cause neither the background process of
Would be 0 if I could.
Wish it would load saved photos to google
The calendar is a bit wonky, but other than that it seems pretty good.
i like textnow for when my phone is working
Tried to blackmail me by withholding important codes, and would only release them if i got the premium plan. NOT KOOL!!!
I'm still new at this
App worked fine.. I just didn't like that you have to watch ads for 2 minutes of talk then the call drops.
It was ok cause u have to watch a video to get one minute on text free for to call people but the texting was free but the calling wasn't so u had to watch like 20 videos to get 20 minutes of calling
Not clear
I've never had a app of a private code from the myself right now, gladly to choose from them ! Outstanding app application ! I always experience with everyone else besides me !
It keeps saying "connecting while my internet is good and it won't stop and i can't talk with friends i hope you can fix this issue because discord is not usable for me rn
In the past few months there have been major issues with messages going through. Not only it doesn't notify for new messages, sometimes messages don't come through for hours, including your own - i.e. you type something, push send, and it disappears. It seems to be somehow related to switching networks (wifi to data and vice versa or just to different wifi). Happens on multiple devices, too. Don't think it's my settings because it didn't use to happen previously and i haven't changed anything.
I love it is excellent
Been using Discord since it released. They recently changed the UI again and this is by far the worst update in a long time. It looks and navigates awfully.
rings on my pc a minute before it rings on my note 9
Says great quality but can't hear other line they can't hear me
Discord is great, but it's annoying that you have to get nitro to send videos . Like dude, a dollar in my place costs 5x much
I love this game
So. Many. Adds. Every time you send a message or click on somthing different, a new add is displayed. I understand that it'd a free service but the amount of adds totally kills it.
Good apps
Contact information will not be updated. But it is updated on my contact list outside of the app, and the notification of my remaining balance every time I click or open a message is very disturbing on how much interference it causes with the interface.
called me not on slype, and it muted the skype call even after I hung up
Great for text messaging but calling seems unreliable. Frequent issues with establishing a voice call - then going straight to missed without a single ring. Happens over various devices, no matter what version, so possibly a systemic issue. Can this be fixed?
It keeps auto changing my numbers. How can I stop that... I've tried to contact the company but I can't reach. Now it's telling me account cannot be created on this device....
New update is terrible. Facebook Messenger look and function with tons of bugs-- feels like there's no reason to keep paying for my nitro if what I bought is now unusable :( Deleting this and finding an APK of older version.
Latest update is bad ui, and dropped performance.
Got used to the new layout, so it's fiiiine. But sometimes, the categories of servers are open and when I close them and reopen Discord another time, it's open again. I have them closed for a reason, so there isn't a large amount of channels on my screen, but it's really annoying when Discord keeps reopening them when I get back on. Can there be a fix to this, please? Then maybe it'll be a 5-Star
There is one glitch and it is in mobile when we want to react with emojis it becomes a straight bar pls fix it
Not receiving messages on my number
The new layout is pretty bad and makes it slower to navigate most areas of the app. Please roll back to the old layout.
Very glitchy with lots of requirements to work properly, which is even worse on mobile. 10/10 dont recommend, so pick another app than this.
this app has been working very well until one night my messages weren't being sent. now my messages send but sometimes I can't receive messages. fix this por favor.
Awful on phone but only way I can talk to friends so 2 star ig
Most of the time it's great! Once in a while, the voices are distorted, and sound comes ang goes, even when we are both in strong internet connections.
This app isn't working !!!!!
Same Ole experience, in conversations as far as cyber dating. It's cool though.
Use them all the time with her trying to hide who I'm calling
Download an older version, and it's great. Other than that, still just any other basic social media app ran by money hungry idiots who frequently pat themselves on the back for decisions no one asked for. Edit: Nice copy paste. Ignorance is bliss isn't it? I'll stay on an older version, thank you.
Messages keep being sent to the signal service but never delivered to the person. Please fix this.
It's a bit limited, but that's totally understandable
HORRIBLE NO, never bye asf,, GOOD NIGHT ASF GAY . i got fired from job, i thought this was gon save me cus i didnt pay my PHONE BILL. BYE
It started off good doing everything it was supposed to do. Then it stop letting me make calls. People can now only call in. I can still get and send text tho. What's with that? (NOTE 9)
Trash can't send a dm
Best wifi calling app there is
This app is easy and very efficient!
Best way to keep my team informed and to give kudos to those reaching their goals each week!
Skype keeps cutting off calls around the 3 minute mark. I've tried using different devices, reinstalling, etc, but the same issue continues. Is this a bug with a new update or something?
Sluggish, just like everything else Microsoft touches.
Super slow
Slightly confusing to open the page you needed.
I never need skype, this ONE TIME that I really need it and want to buy subscription , it's not possible... u are asking me for my emails password to give me subscription? Nice. Also your 200min was more expensive than 60 min. So idiotic.
Okay so, I had discord for awhile now and I wanted to make a new account so I did, I use my email address and I verify my email so yeah, but now it's telling me to use my phone number? I can't even use my phone number because I lost it into an account I don't even have a email for now I can't get to even use discord without my phone number that I don't even have... disappointing 😬
I don't have any friends
Exciting to be back in contact with previous good friends!😀
idk what happened but suddenly, the massage id button is gone.. also, if a picture is setted as spoiler, it will still be shown if we didn't click the full image.. fix pls.
It is the best app. I had to go back to it because it's the easiest app to use.
3stars because at times the calls are perfect (group, individual), yet other times are so horrible. Freezing, no sound, picture , disconnect.
Unable to Login
I've lost the ability to see the subgroups in my discord group. For no reason.
NO NO NO. SOME RANDOM NUMBER TEXTED ME AND NOW IM SCARED. WHAT IF HE KNOWS WHERE I LIVE?!?!
This used to be good but now it sucks! I have to keep uninstalling it & reinstalling it to get txt messages. Fix this now or I won't use it anymore!
Iinstalled weres my fish bucks T-T
I think the emojis need to be updated and that they're should be birthday reminders for friends and also an archive that saves every pic we posted in the chat. . . hope some future goodies
I don't get my calls or messages unless I open the app! I have missed very important phone calls for jobs please fix it
It is ok but on calls I can't hear a thing and they can't here me also I can't get any pictures sent to me
I I'm no longer use this app anymore
I wanna swipe right to see the server members list. Not reply to a message.
Works great.
It does not let if your friend is online or not no
I really love Signal, and have for years... but the new decision to drop SMS support truly does change the value of this app for me. I didnt want to leave a 1 star, because it is still a great app and a great concept, but if I cant use it any longer, its lost a lot of value for me personally. I have been trying to make it work by using Signal and the default SMS app together, but its just not going to work for me. Im afraid I will end up uninstalling it.
This app is having serious issues. It's functioning so poorly. I don't hesitate to do updates, yet I've not enjoyed it for once. Just so unfortunate one has to stick with this!
Enjoying keeping in contact with old friends without social media.
temporarily unins the app due to storage issues on my phone, then they took away my phone number eventhough I am still paying this company monthly for ad elimination for a phone number they gave away in a short period to someone else, but is still taking my money out of my account, and won't explain how to link a new phone number to that dollar amount but they are still taking from me! For that reason, i don't recommend paying them or getting settled down with any particular phone number
Messages are coming thru text, not working on Group Me app. Really sucks notifications dnt wrk. Tired of seeing texts all day everyday
PLEASE REVERT TO YOUR OLD UI! FFS nothing loads anymore
This company is the worst that I have ever experienced. I paid for the service a few months ago. I haven't used the service much, just to get a message that I can no longer use the service and it has been canceled. When I inquire as to why it has been canceled, this company claims they cannot disclose such information and they cannot allow me to continue using the service. What rubbish! I asked agsin, "what is it that I have done to cause such a thing?" They cannot say.
I Hate having to give people my personal contact info to other people directly
Can't figure out how to delete obsolete messages. I want to clear the clutter.
Op hai app to much
It works well when it's online. Unfortunately there has been too many times where it fails to connect to Discord servers and can't even load or send chats as a result. Restarting the app is mandatory to fix it. Edit: I'm not having Installation issues. Every time I come back to the app it has a high chance of being stuck at "connecting." Happens on multiple android devices I have, regardless of ISP or connection.
Love this app. Very easy and useful. Got the card and it's the coolest. After unlocking carrier it will be better.
Great and helpful !
I love discord. I've used it for several years now and have had an excellent experience before. but recently with the new ui update the app has gone downhill. it is basically unusable now and idk how to fix it. I've updated the app and it still crashes. it's gotten to the point where when I open the app it's just a white screen where nothing loads. I can only beg they go back to the old ui. there was nothing wrong with it so idk why they changed it
Fun for the family. We all enjoy.
Love my service! Have had it for over a year and it's been invaluable. Thank you
There's a new UI update and it's really confusing, plus it's unreasonably quiet on my end when I call someone. Fix this please, I can't eve find where to change the call volume.
It is the worst it could do better if you didn't need Wi-Fi
The app was so much better before the new update. Honestly it sucks and it was easier to use before. Please give old discord back😥
Bring #back
Best Chat App And 1# Security Chat App For Me
I've used discord since 2019 and have mostly loved my experience, but recently there have been a lot of major changes to the UI that are not optional. If there was a "legacy mode" setting this would be a 5 star review but I am severely disappointed in the forcing of features that are not necessary for the security or function of the app
Think I've downloaded this before..but I think it gave me a phone number
Poor compared to WhatsApp. Only use it for contacts that don't have WhatsApp.
Need a paper copy every mo. As am to old to do all this other garbage .0
So so but lots of ads
Nice app please download the app and rate this
Signal co-operates with Iran's Government to block Iranian people access. Shame on you
Its nice to have this ap
Good app overall. You have to earn minutes, which is okay but watching them for 2 points. We gots to do better.
Diff to use and history deleting
cuts out? Occationally
cant be used to receive login PINs un less you pay 10$
Dropping sms support will be a bad move. They're taking away features! (and suddenly asking for donations every other time you open the app!?! What on earth are they thinking?) I got everyone in my family to get signal because that one app would handle sms AND encrypted chats AUTOMATICALLY. No need for parents/grandparents to make the choice of encrypted or unencrypted with every message they send. If non-tech savvy people have to make that choice, they'll use sms everytime.
Trying to add new number not happening
It's just that it kept glitching
Just put a little less ads and your on your way to succes
Good app, better than WhatsApp privacy
hey so it's not letting me send voice messages or images at all? idk what's up with that it js keeps saying "failed to send message" internet is fine, tried deleting and reinstalling, settings were unchanged, restarted my phone, discord is up to date and all so idk what's up with that..
I think it's a solid app. It works very well.
Not as functional as other messenger apps
My calls stopped going thru.
Okay, I'm still annoyed with this new discord. Everytime when I am in the history search, the keyboard is always flickering whenever i scroll. when I tried to remove it, it came back. Plus I don't really like the new discord. It's unnecessary. I am not really getting the handle of it. but is there any options for the old discord verison? An Phone user here.
Yeah, not bad. But need more extra features and bug fixing.
This app sucks!! It drops calls and kicks me off when in the middle of texts. It also shuts down as soon as I open it
The update is HORRIBLE. I can't call my friends on servers. Theres so many glitches, it kicks you out of the call randomly, it wont even let me use the camera anymore. Honestly disappointed
Does nothing
Very easy to use and reliable.
When start video call it crash or disconnect
Icant make a call since yesterday  idont know what is happening,evrytime im making a call its "call failed"ive already un installed and re installed it for howmanytimes but nothing has changed,i am really dissapointed about this i do hope you will able yo fix this.thank you
It has it bugs
TextNow is good to have when you don't have any service and you need to make a important call are text
I like the premise this app is based on, but it's missing capabilities I used often in my previous messaging app. Making calls through the app is a cool feature as you can tell they are encrypted too. I don't know this as a certainty but the calls sound just like calls I've made on encrypted phones.
This app has been nothing but one issue after another. No I didn't bother with tech support because I never get anywhere with them. Its pretty sad you can't make or receive calls sitting right next to your internet router.
It's ok, but difficult to get to chat while on call, and difficult to end a call
This app was good to start but now I'm not getting my texts with a strong signal I can make a phone call or receive them. And I can't validate certain things with this number.
I bet you any money they're selling every bit of personal information they can get out of you and don't even get me started about the ads
Thanks for TextNow I got a job and can contact my friends and family. Please send me a free month sim card for my phone so I can use it on WiFi 🙏
I've had excellent experience using Text Now this time around. I had used it years ago and it was a lousy experience with static phone calls, dropped calls, late messages but none of those problems this time. Wonderful improvements. Would and do recommend it!
This app now completely locks up and crashes my system UI every five seconds
Signal app hangs while opening a group! I reported/sent the logs.
Great!!
To many spam calls i have about 400 spam calls a week
Must fix the app, after an update it keeps on crashing now! And still cant send gif files when u do it only comes as a picture to who u send it to. App is barely usable now
Good experience
I love this app some much just you have to pay a lot if you really want cool things
Brilliant
A bit hard to navigate but otherwise ok!
It operates in almost real time. It's also user friendly.
Current version is bugged out. Won't refresh channels.
Used to be fantastic 5/5 starts. Now, it's just another messaging app since they've removed SMS support. I guess I'll have to move back to FB messenger and SMS and undo all the hard work of getting people moved over to e2e encrypted messaging. Oh well
Good concept, but not enough features to control how you receive messages, ie, SMS, email. Won't silence either 😫. Quite annoying receiving messages Every. Single. Time. someone joins the group or is added to the group 😬 With some tweets this could be a great app. As it is currently, I'm definitely not a fan. 😐
This new update is absolutely the worst.. when I call people now it's only on half my screen, is all bugged out, and cannot be fixed. please stop making this app worse with each update.
Removed sms support and forced you to upgrade to a newer version so you can't keep using it for both. It is decent, but with alternitives that don't require a phone number or one's that still do but offer better functionality, all of which offer e2e encryption, there is no point in signal. Maybe they'll do something to right their ship, but they have a history of ignoring what users want and ask for in favor of "features" no one wants, so I don't hold out any hope, and neither should you.
I want to inter signal but they don't allow me why for my first time
This app is absolutely terrible. I can't even stay logged in. Just keeps kicking me out after 10 seconds of being logged in. Wouldn't recommend to anyone. Waste of time and data and now they have access to my information for me not to even be able to use the app.
Since they announced the removal of SMS/MMS support I can no longer recommend this app. The removal of SMS also removes plausible deniability for people in countries with a repressive government. Signal will probably remain attractive for journalists and whistle blowers. My messages are nearly 100% SMS from medical offices, tradesmen and even banks. I also need to be able to respond with SMS. For me, keeping Signal on my phone is no longer worth it.
Facing issues in opening the app since more than week. While I am trying to open the app and to make calls it is still loading. Please resolve my issue
It's aight I guess. Good app but slightly hard to use. I guess it is a me problem though.
I truly wish this would be the world's messaging platform. It's secure, reliable, & has great features. It's not run by a lying unethical CEO like Whatsapp. It's free, open source software & it's run by a non-profit company. Why people aren't switching in droves, I do not understand.
Im talking to my friends and it's a great way to communicate with other people
Works well
Doesn't call Android to Apple
I'm trying to learn how to use it. I'm not sure I understand fully. One come and talk to me on the phone though, she couldn't understand me and she said her voice was coming back at me we tried twice. I just gave up. Maybe it was a connection with Virginia. So that was the phone part . the texting, is kind of tentative, because it doesn't give you the time of the text. So, that can get confusing. 🙄 anyway, it's nice to be able to text, when you lose your main phone and you only have a second p
No camera working
The app will not open on my phone, it closes down immediately with a message saying the app has stopped working
It discounted when I got on
Only One Thing To Say. The UI Update Ruined The Simplisity To The App. At Least Add The "Old UI" Switch Back To The Appearance Tab.
Signal is a good app
They play fair.. they consider the less furtianate . To me personally that's fortunate..
I have have been using TextNow for a few years but lately it will drop my calls and freezes up and I have to restart my phone just so it will hang up I just ordered a TextNow sim card I hope it don't have same problems after installing the sim card.
Cant leave. A chat group
Easy and fun too
There needs to be a search bar for message content not just names That's why I'm giving this 4 stars
Takes forever to open. Poor call quality.
For the longest time i have had Discord at 5⭐️ but i regrettably have to change it, as it has become practically unuseable with the new UI change. I have no idea why you thought to do that, so i would urge you to undo it post-haste.
Its an amazing app. It really is. Just the newest update that changes the whole layout was really bad. I think that many people agree that they should change the mobile layout back. That would bring my rating up to 5 stars
I think this app Low security!
Rarely notifies. I have to check the app to see if someone is IM'ing me.
Not free texting
Discord mobile is one of my favorite apps currently to be able to connect with friends, however the recent updates have changed the UI and has its confusing to navigate now. There's also a bunch of bugs and issues with trying to use the app that completely broke and left a sour taste in my mouth. With all the issues and this new UI update I've just canceled my nitro subscription, Much like others because it's the only way to make the devs listen in 2023
Thanks for reverting back to the old UI!
Not free. Requires a subscription
By far the best over similar apps... Only issue I have is the delay at times... I can send a message now and you may get it 2 hours later Oh and calling out to someone, well recently the other party had issues of hearing me.. But they could call me right back and conversation is normal. Oh and now when I get call... Sometimes the app keeps ringing. Idk but my Wi-Fi connection is optimal
I had a good experience here
Only issue is the clarity of voice calls.
This app is terribly slow. Takes forever to load and respond to haptics.
new ui is trash. reads swipe to view member list remove the having be in the channel filter for message search
A bunch of servers just went down for everyone. Everything about this app post-UI update has been a disaster.
Please add Voice message
solid 4.5/5 now it's like a 3/5 please help me out here!!!
The latest update took almost the whole page for there ads. Sure we know you need ads to make the app free but to ruin the user experience with an ad that takes up more then half the screen makes me not want to use this anymore. New updates added more ads to your message inbox. just down graded my 2 star to 1...smh
My account keeps constantly saying connecting and I have to keep deleting it and redownloading it (only works for a few minutes before doing the same thing again). It's never done this and I've had discord for years. The calls also keep saying connecting or knocking out the other person's video randomly and I have to hang up and rejoin for it to work again
This app is terrible.. It NEVER works properly!!
Yes St. John Church is rhe place to worship. Always teaching the Bible in every way possible. Our pastor preaches from the Bible. I'm a long time member and I always feel like I'm worshiping and working with family.
The ok but it's freezes the whole phone nd damn sure freezers the calls even with great wifi the calls still freezes don't connect or choppy or can't hear each other.
It's AWFUL. It won't even let you call people, it only says "connecting" when i have stable internet. And recently I've been Experiencing glitches, are you able to fix this?
I've had the app for a while with no problem, but now i cant receive messages.
Not a bad app. The 15 day lose your number thing. Should be at least 30.
Uninstalling. Getting notifications for mms but won't load .
app for work and it's more of an inconvenience than anything.
I have to constantly back out of the app and reopen it so I can see my messages again. It was working perfectly before the update. Please fix. Thank you
Was 5 stars. Loss of SMS support is going to cause me to uninstall.
Cause u can't make calls
These new updates aren't great while I think separating the DM and servers tabs was a solid idea having a slide to the right to reply function isn't helpful it's annoying I'm used to doing that to view members of the server for easy access in case I need to change roles or generally manage/view their status.
Even though I connected to internet, when phone is locked and idle, I'm not able to receive calls 😭. Please fix the issue
Very nice for international calls
lot but I typed in free
My calls stay dropping or the person I'm talking to can't hear me all of a sudden its very annoying
I cannot send messages anymore. Please fix.
Every time login problems... never worked well even after login.
So very nice app keep it up
Starts itself even when not used.
When i close skype by using back button it dont recieve call..frnds n relative hav to use other IM if they want to get me on skype
Bugs need fixed. I miss texts . Just dont get them while sitting right in front of my wifi.
I am unable to join any group plz help
It used to be fine, however, after the latest update, I cannot see message requests anymore, however just on Mobile. I've tried uninstalling, and reinstalling the app, I've used both Wi-Fi and Cellular data, but still nothing. I hope either this gets fixed soon, or I can find a solution myself, If it's something on my end.
Please can you hide your phone number of signal
Worked alright until my number expired, now it's on an infinite loop of telling me I need to change to a new one every time I try to send a message.
Was a lifesaver . Even with unlimited service I keep it as option just in case ya know ?
This ap needs to have quicker easier method of deleting old chats
Better than whatsapp and telegram...🤩
This app has been a GOD send. It is the only way I can continue contact with some1 very dear 2 me while he is away, working!
It was working fine til the new update. Now I can't open messages, it keeps closing the conversation. Please fix!
I've used Signal for years, almost from the very beginning. Over all that time it's been the best app for secure communication between those that also us it, AND as my default SMS messaging app. But with the announcement that they're removing SMS functionality, this app fails. Only one other person I talk to uses Signsl now. So rather than have multiple messaging apps, I'm just deleting Signal.
It's Great
I like group me. Just wish it was easier to share pictures from other things with out getting a message that it wouldn't send. Other than that I enjoy it.
I like it a lot but it doesnt send pictures right away, i would give it 5 stars
Latest update has a lot of poor UI changes for no good reason. The app worked and looked perfectly fine before. I liked that the mobile version looked just like the desktop application, but now they're making it look like every other mobile messaging app. The higher contrast makes it difficult to read messages, and the new layout doesn't make anything easier to navigate. Stop bloating up the app with useless visuals. Please at least let users choose between the old or the new layout.
Good texting app. As far as calls. It drops a little bit and it's not totally free. But great for business too.
I dislike the recent mobile update :,) Server chat bugs, makes it look like I haven't sent the message, when I switch servers or dm the screen doesn't change and I have to close and re-open the app.
I like discord but i dont like the new changes to the mobile apps ui
Some things don't work correctly, or are hard to navigate.
its alright i guess? ive been using it since 2018 but recently my most important account got disabled(falsely), ive sent about 6 submissions and only got 2 answers via email but im being ignored and noone from discord support is replying, currently my account is still up, i just cant log into it because it says "your account is disabled".
Gave it a 3 because lately I'm having problems with it telling me if people are responding to me, I have not updated because I'm hearing horrible feedback. You need to fix it or I'm deleting it and I'll put in more complaints.
Keeps kicking me out, lags ALOT. Very disappointed.
can't sign in
The app is too laggy, call audio is terrible
This is getting worse but work on the fundamentals and not the bling
garbage. "enter desired area code" but all 3 from my area are not valid.
I have to keep uninstalling and reinstalling this app. Very disappointed and I know I'm not the only person having this issue. When I load in sometimes won't have any rooms or it will say No Text Channel when I've been able to text there before.
WhatsApp is better than Skype Skype 🖕🖕🖕🖕
It's a great experience and friendly user
Not so good... Not so bad... This app consume huge internet data!
Good stuff. Eye-earn gives good platform.
Its ok just really mad that it charged me for 100 min for no reason and if i get a refund it would be ausome
This app sucks freezes up won't let me text calls heat up my phone. I'm Uninstaller now.
This app is trash you run out of minutes
Its better if ur a pc gamer but i still use it
Call's don't work that well
Downloaded and couldn't even get a number. It kept saying number unavailable and it wouldn't refresh for new numbers. Deleted
Use this daily
There is something wrong with the app. When I use the computer, everything is fine and works as it should. However, when I go to check the app, there are several messages that I have missed and it is really imperative that I do not miss these messages because they are sent to my wife overseas. I have reloaded the app. It appears to work for a few days, and then stops. Thank goodness for the web version! Is there a fix for this? Or will it only work correctly on the computer since the app broken?
Is good and easy to chat privacy but I hope the updating of it won't get worst but more cute
I have been using this app since 2017. But all of a sudden and tells me to get a new number. Without a warning notification. I loved this app it has always worked for me. BUT I was looking for a new app and I found a even better app! It's called text free. So far it has been so much better then the current app! DOWNLOAD TRY IT OUT!
new UI design is bad why fix what isn't broken
Remove sms support? The ONLY reason i use signal is for its dual functionality. I certain don't need any social media bs on it. Remove sms, i remove signal, i don't need yet another messaging app to communicate with 3 people. Dev has seriously lost their way. Id pay for the app just to keep how it was early last year. Signal is quickly becoming irrelevant and is now deleted as sms support ended. Don't need separate app to.message like 3 people, what an idiotic thing to drop.
The stability of this app is incredibly awful. I don't know what happened to it lately, but it has been getting worse.
Great to get connected and is secured
I ts a good app for chat
I like it but when you lose your phone for 3 months and then find it was deactivated it's annoying
Terrible. It isn't letting me get added to new groups. I'm not receiving any messages anymore. The app doesn't work in the slightest and it used to work great. Now it doesn't operate at all
AWESOME! Great group of people to conversate with.
the new version kinda, a little bit, makes me wanna KMS not gonna lie. Like I wanna die because you did this.
Terrible can't login acts stupid
I have tried to log in with my account, but when I put my D.O.B in and press the 'next' icon, it pauses and does not let me advance. It would be great if you could sort out this issue so I could get back to using Skype regularly.
great way to have a second line
You perfectly know why.
The app is very good 👍😊
I'm sure your product team already knows this, but the day you stop supporting SMS is the day I stop using Signal. It's not practical to maintain two separate messaging apps for the less than 10% of shared contacts that also use Signal.
The app is great for texting, hate that wifi calling doesn't work as well.   The phone could work better cant hear as well and receivers can't hear you. Also there's a delay.
I like the app but it has gotten where the only phone calls I get are about me applying for disability, which I have NOT! If I answer it then the call hangs up. I get 25-50 calls a day & I report & block but still they call.
One more bug, after running discord for a few minutes, it is showing there's not text channels and I've reinstalled discord more than 5 times today. Fix it as soon as possible.
Privacy chats with my group
I have been on discord for a very long time, since 2018 and had so much accounts and i genuinely used to LOVE it but the new update is pissing me off, often crashes and a lot of times the buttons just wont work on press so i have to reset the app alot for them to work, also the appearance is weird and clunky and hard to understand and its not just a "thing that you will get used to" i hate it so much.
It is best of nest more than I can say !!! Thanks !!!
This WAS a great messaging application until they abruptly removed SMS support. Yes I realise SMS is not secure but completly disabling it as means to communicate with people who arent on signal is not the solution. Switching back and forth between applications based on who im talking to is not something 99% of people are going to be willing to do.
It's great for texting. Horrible call expience so I give it 3 stars.
This app in General is amazing but the problem is it always asks us to change our username or pfp and also if you want to use any special sticker or stuff you have to get nitro which alot of us can't have but overall its very good to chat with friends!
Bit complicated to use & wording of circumstances bit confusing 🤔
Great. It still works. Like it did before. It still does. Again.
Awesome app that connects gamers across all platforms. Hop in and out of voice channels with your buddies or direct call for a more exclusive session.
Why I am not able to purchase nitro with google play Fix this Bug bruh
It's great for chatting
Uploading image is too slow
Forcing updates and takes too much of my little data , hai fok man !!
The app is amazing 👏
This app is trash!!!!!! I wish I could give it No STARS!!!!!!
Okay but issue filled. Unable to edit or delete a comment also unable toreply directly to a comment. I have a S20 and attempting to send pictures and gifs is beyond frustrating. It has to be the app as I can send the same pics and gifs via text without any hesitation. Message notifications are spotty.
This is s good app. Nice communication tool.
Love Discord, but the newest update made it impossible to call anyone. Edit: The devs replied to this saying to file a bug report, but considering how many other people are experiencing the same thing and other issues and likely have been reporting it, it's falling on deaf ears. Switch back to Skype, people. At least that site works.
I want a new update that let's you send videos and see when the person has read the text is typing. That'd be great.
I literally need to restart my discord so that i could send my messages and photos and sometimes the photos i send will be stucked, please fix mobile bugs
You haven't seen the picture yet 🤔🤔 I love it ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bring back the previous UI
Dropping sms support
Phone doesn't work can only text and it runs really slow
I wish there was no nitro but it's ok
I used to love this app it was such a life saver. Now since the update it takes forever to load and I don't receive my messages sometimes. PLEASE FIX!!!!!!!!!
Text free just suddenly stopped working on my phone. It keeps saying I have to set my phone to the correct date &my phone IS set to the correct date! 09-14-2017!! It wont let me login without "setting my phone to the correct date" and I've tried everything! The app just no longer works! Now I lose all my contacts and text messages! Thanks
It helps me call people
The app is quite good!
It never rings when someone calls me. The connection drops a lot.
Grrrrreat
A reasonable way to chat with friends and engage with online communities and finding others who share your interests. But I am somewhat disturbed by how inappropriate some communities can be; I'm not talking about adult content or crass humour, but the downright contempt and vitriol that is sometimes posted or shared without provocation.
Awesine back up when run out of min utes
Works as expected
Why change the format? It's now even more confusing than it was before and not only that I'm having a troublesome time with messaging others! Sometimes the app won't even let me open the conversations I have with other people. Serious downgrade :(
So new problem! I dont like the new forced ui for multiple reasons but everyone is complaining about that. Today I am complaining about how nearly none of the icons or pictures are loading up cleared cache restarted it nothing it working. If not made it worst. My internet is stable before you auto message. How can you guys that used to be so top become so bad now you became greedy and complient knowing you are the top and not focus on improvement for users
So far I've had a good experience using this app.
Would be great if it would let me change my Avi name
It's now sorta a buggy mess, as if it's heavily un-optimised. Sometimes freezes completely and loading chats now become hardwork for a high-end phone. The PC version works way better than mobile, instead of both working the same way. It's fine other than that. Just please fix and optimise your app, be heavily appreciated.
Because I can't change my profile picture without nitro
After last update.. i cant see the msgs i send untill i close the app and reopen it again... this is so annoying and its so upsetting....
So I tried to use Text Free on my laptop so I tried to sign in with google but I dont allow 3rd party cookie tracking so I couldnt do it that way. After that I decided to make a new account, after filling out my info finding a name that's not taken, providing an email , and doing the captcha, your dumb ash service says 'verify with a phone number' IF I HAD CELLPHONE SERVICE I WOULDNT BE TRYING TO USE A TEXTING APP YOU IDIOTIC DEVELOPERS. Sorry for the negativity , it just irked me.
I sort of think it sucks cause you don't get much free talk time
The audio of almost any mp4 file I send turns into a loud static mess. I don't know if it's a mobile discord only thing, but ever since the October update, videos just don't work at all. The new UI for the recent updateis awful. Searching for old messages in servers is so tedious now, because you have to be in a certain channel in order to find what you're looking for.
I can text anyone but i could not prank call. Also you only get a certain amount of minutes
Why i can not log into my account!!!!!!!
Constantly glitches and doesnt update the chat
I'm having a problem creating an account... Every password i try, is not
I guess this APP is alright for the time BEING AT when I DON'T have the cash to pay my PHONE BILL I can use this app until I can pay my Bill's its ACTUALLY BETTER THAN I had THOUGHT IT WAS!!!!!!😍😍🤩🤩🌹🦋😇😇😇😇😇😇
You can't send video but and you can't call friends from textfree
Imagine being told by EVERYONE that your new UI ******* sucks and responding with 'deal with it' guides? Lmao these updates get more and more rubbish, and everyone's unsubbing/uninstalling. You've given us no alternative options??? Please reflect on your bs agenda.
mf doesn't work half the time
I use the app for my kids sports teams and it's useful but I hate that
Awsome
Not bad but use to be better
Hard to start or setup.
Nice clear app very useful for my first call
App crashes every time you try to send a video. Every time.
I would say it's good for chating but not for calling
Very good connection and clarity of call
pretty decent nap when you have only wifi bad Signal on phone 📱🤳🤳
Since the Update its Always slow loading and I never receive my notifications the older version is much better
The app does not open at all.
Not free by any means. Wants 9.99/month for texting.
This app is AMAZING. Unlimited free talk & text, with no forced video ads.
It's a god app but I think they need some updates but it's god
It's nice to be able to have an app like this but there are a lot of ads.
needs to be fixed for service areas
Better in user experience, nearly equivalent to desktop/web experience for now. But again, because this app written in React Native, most UI element only work if app is well connected and I am unable to chat (why Discord didn't allow an option enter to send message on IME keyboard), switch channel/guild, or even stuck in a screen if the app isn't connected or unresponsive (and more often for latest update) :((
unable to use app it won't let you get a phone number
good but you loss signal
Worst app trying to register it says email exist if I try to login it says email doesn't exist 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
while calling bt not working properly
can't make or receive calls
i love Discord the only thing i don't like abt it is when i'm in a call and i play i get very laggy in the game that i'm playing 😭
Have to pay to do wifi calling
Very convenient and get to keep up with everything and haven't had any issues with scammers or glitches or pop ups.
while they are still in there
First of all it was a good app but after one year of using I realised that only premium members can access many of the service I mean to boost likes/views , non-premium people can also boost but only upto 800 like that , now I saw an announcement that free keys for one day when I checked out nothing is left there I was very disappointed , u need to give more keys so we can grab too.Theere was only ten keys and how we can grab it? Anyway, please add more options to non-premium people!
It was a good app but wan I would Watch stream it would be black and white than color than black and white can you please fix this
I used to absolutely love discord. Some of the updates to the look of it had me sketched out but I eventually got used to it. But this new layout? Its absolutely atrocious to look at. It's hard to use and im now having problems with the app recognizing that im attempting to open a dm when I press on it. It just feels super messy and cluttered, I seriously don't understand the need to separate the dms and servers into two separate tabs... Overall? Very sad at the direction the app is going
Group's and chats are not loading. Says I have no conversations nor groups I'm apart of when I am. Loads sometimes, and most times says no groups/messages. Issue with newest IOS and groupme version?
Such a heavy app . I'm using high end latest phone . Still it's just hang up and don't respond
My Main number
I love communicating in the groupMe app.
I'm happy with it and I like chatting on it so I have no problems with it sometimes messages don't get delivered fast enough
If a contact has multiple numbers you must choose which number to use each time or risk it going to the wrong number.
Love It!!!!
It will not let me change the ringtone. Otherwise, it serves its purpose.
New update has caused an issue where I cannot view channels or servers other than the first one that was opened. Messages work fine though.
It's kind of odd to me that this phone company doesn't have a phone number to call, I bought a $5 sim card it worked, I changed my number it stopped working, none of the textnow online troubleshooting was working, I follow the rabbit hole and found out that for some reason my phone was recognized in the old SIM card that I had and wouldn't let me activate the new One tech support help me and so my one-star review is going to be changed
New UI is garbage. The bugs are actually persistent. Screen sharing or "streaming" has dropped in quality and performance. Don't get me started with Bluetooth connection and microphone detection as well.
it's fantastic
Super glitchy and wont let me log in
Would have been 5 star, but now they're charging you to "lock in" your phone number so you can receive verification texts. Sorry guys but you blew it.
Cuts in and out, not as stable as whatsapp.
It has worked pretty good for our carpool.
Great source for communication
Love is in the air thanks signal
I shouldn't have to repeatedly tell you my birthday. I told you once. It would've taken 10 mins or more to scroll back to my birthday. There's a better way to do it, but you didn't provide that option.
It keeps saying no numbers available
Best free app by far.
A very handy and easy to use app,very good guys done a good job
Lots of bugs sending and receiving messages and calls
Sound quality for me was crappy!
this is a consistent connecting app
I'm getting poor reception. using the long distance phone number to save on long distance calls. we can barely hear each other. text works great
it always says error message cant be sent
Been trying to transfer account onto a new phone for the past hour without success. Went online for support only to find everyone else having the same problem since 3 years ago
Wth... was awesome at first, now to use it, it has to be paid membership... and still have ads.... what's the point of using this.... not free.. awful
Hey, the code you send me to my phone number doesn't work. I've tried multiple times but it just doesn't match but I'm rrally sure its the code you send me. Please fix this and I will rate you higher but I'm just really frustrated right now.
Ok GOOD APP CHEF'S KISS,buti can't sign into my account because it says 'already existing account' or something,and when I try making I new one the 'verify email's thing pops up and I just can't sign in!
TextNow sim deactivated and they refuse to re-enable
I wish they would add the Arabic language to the app
A lot of lagging. Unable to delete chats and groups.
The new ui should have been an optional change. It's buggy, it's messy it isn't good.
Good texting app but with ads taking up half The screen in is not the best
Always freaks out on me, takes forever to load past the into screen, flips between a blank black screen and the into screen, but its an ok app for being free
Need more credits
Effective, well designed app to communicate with friends (individually and as a group). Also nice for chatting while gaming (though there's some slight lag), watching things together and much more!
This is the best
Recently I haven't been receiving text messages or phone calls. It was working fine before. I keep seeing missed calls but it never rings. Hopefully I can start using it again soon.
Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't guess because it's free we can't complain 🤷🏾‍♂️
I think this app is only good to use as back up call or text msg not for daily use .
Can't get codes texted to the number unless u pay extra for this and that and whatever else u need it for
Great, quick and easy. It's fantastic
Nice job for the first time
The text don't send some times. The little notification on the corner of the app icon says I have a new text but there isn't one. I am constantly getting  text, pictues and calls from people I do not know. Some times the people I am sending text to never get the text even though it shows that it sent on my end. I only use the app because my phone has been turned off and I need to reach people.
Without SMS support this is useless
Everytime I log out, it wouldn't let me log in again even though the password was correct
Does not deliver messages on time does not connect calls does not put calls through
When it works, it's not bad at all.  But sometimes texts show up way late, like 1hr later, which, of course, pretty much makes them useless.  This is with a strong, solid wi-fi signal, so signal was not an issue.  In the exact same environment, texts to Google Voice were received immediately.  Not surprisingly, I am now using Google Voice for texting instead.
I cant log in it keeps Putting me on the same screen like i csnt sign in at all
Good and reliable
I am enjoying using the application
Have had issues with messages going out and being received
___ QuickBooks Blog ￼ Start Your Business Run Your Business Grow Your Business What's New Tools ￼ COVID-19 What is the loan forgiveness covered period for a PPP loan? By Myranda Mondry April 1, 2021 Disclaimer: Regulations and guidance from the SBA and the U.S. Department of Treasury on the PPP are evolving rapidly. Please refer to the latest guidance from SBA and Treasury to confirm current program rules. Through the  Paycheck Protection Program  (PPP), small business owners and o
It always forces close
It would have been 5 stars, but when I made a call using the app, I gave permission for the app to access my contacts. While on the call, the app messaged more than half my contacts with a code. I hung up quick or it would have messaged everyone. I dont trust this app anymore. Sorry. Someone will go through your personal information and try to share it with your contacts while calling on this app. Texting is ok. For now.
mob got heat when it is running for 20 min
I genuinely hate the new layout sm. And the notification dots don't go away unless I look at the messages directly. Also for some reason I don't have the button to switch back like others do
Less responsive to text and picture media while in an active phone call and constantly charges my account$2 a week for locked in that I've already paid for yearly and fails to receive and reveal codes or authentications.
no excuses. Verification process sucks
I've been using Signal for years, and it's been mostly terrific. But the fact they're dropping sms support means to keep it, I'd have to use two different messaging apps, and that's just not gonna happen. So sadly I'll be getting rid of it soon. I'd recommend to people in the same boat, that if you want to send secure texts, just use a burner you paid cash for, and one that you can put money on with cash.
Kinda work sometimes but ALWAYS opens a giant unclosable ad that can cancel your call because you have to close the entire app to end it as there is no X to close the ads. Sometimes it won't even call and instead just shows an unclosable ad.
Text now becomes give me your money now. Wifi texting isn't a new discovery. Please
Haven't used it much yet, but it seems pretty good!
Thanks for sabotaging the app by removing sms, smart play
After the last update the app takes forever to load, its useless 😭
Is having trouble receiving pictures. Sent over two email to pinger support and no one has contacted me about the problem. Uninstalled the app twice already and still have the same problem
I originally made my account many years ago and I had a different phone
Has room for improvement
I haven't download yet. Don't like I have to delete so many other apps just to download GroupMe. Also when the group is on text messager, I get these annoying pop ups that show up when watching a video. The pop ups make a alert sound that goes on into early morning. I had to turn off sound or turn off phone altogether.
It was good but now im out of min. So now its not good bc i dont wanna earn min or buy them so now its worthless. But thanks for the couple free calls i made while it still worked. 👍
I had discord for 1 year and now I can't even talk to my friends because it what's me to verify by email and I tried that so many times and still it's doesn't work so please fix it or take it away
DO NOT use this app. It is dangerous to your phone. It demands ACCESS to your emails. It WILL block access to your phone with banner ads that slow down tour phone. It will BLOCK access to the phone's functions untill you've viewed these ads even though the phone is NOT being used. REPORT THIS APP TO GOOGLE.
To clarify yet again, i am aware of how to use the new UI. I just agree with a large number of others that its a degrade from the old. Also, (and please address it this time instead of directing me to a users guide because this is a BUG), when i try to take a photo within the app and attach it to a message, discord crashes and restarts more often than not- which has been going on long before the UI update. Its frustrating, because i lose the photo i took. Again, why not fix bugs instead of UI?
Perpetual " connecting" error even though the wifi and the mobile signal were perfect.
Very bad connection can't answer the phone at time phone freezes.
Does what it's supposed to, but since November 1 2021 to now Feb 7, 2022, it's been absolutely eating my mobile data(7.75GB used), and I don't have an unlimited data plan, so it's highly concerning that a texting app is crushing Netflix, and other video streaming apps on my phone for data usage, when all its supposed to be doing is sending texts and the occasional pic.
Works great. I use a tablet as opposed to a phone due to mobility issues.
Free phone number within wifi, i love it. However, i am not 100%satisfied bc i believe this app should have hacker protection.
Add last seen and online status. Will be Great
App is garbage. If i try to use any other app while on hold, the screen starts flashing and becomes unusable unless i reboot my phone. WASTE OF TIME TO DOWNLOAD. All support does if you complain is to tell you to upgrade to the newest version. GREAT! Now i have UPDATED GARBAGE.
I really like this application this good and awesome they really tried alot but this App doesn't show time online
This is so underrated. The day people actually use this, I'm sure they will ditch WhatsApp and such other apps, if there are any. This is actually the best. Good work Team Signal.
Constant updating with no discernable benefit; then leaves a shortcut on my desktop that I have to delete. Unable to delete messages individually like email, WhatsApp or text messaging can, so they take up room forever. Can't edit profiles easily.
The app is so bad. Build a real app, ffs, don't just use a chrome web shell.
Love discord, best communication platform out there. But now the android app has been filled with constant visual bugs that force me to close and reopen the app. Happens enough that it is a daily occurrence and other friends have confirmed they have similar experience. I've heard they switched to react native rather than a native android app so that's probably the reason.
Love it still
I love this
..only ting I don't like? Their strong arm tactics to get your verifications
I enjoy the ease of getting in contact with friends and family.
cant get it to work
Crashes occasionally or lags between tabs.
Good but...too slow and top many missing features
3rd 2q and I will be there in party Tt Tx at 3qr
There's a problem, Everytime I try to open discord It exits the app😭
It takes a lot of time to load. Loading pictures and videos takes like forever. Loading skype special emojis takes a lot of time and sometimes these doesn't even load at all.
The ap has alot of bugs I will try to open the app and all my server chats are gone or it makes it so I can't chat but besides that it's great
Good for those that use it
Its cool and well secured
New update = awful performance. Recent update reworked the UI and with it came much worse performance. The app now prioritizes messaging as opposed to servers. Really hoping this update doesn't make it to desktop.
My go to app for Voice and Video calls with my loved ones far away. Love the interface, I'm sure Microsoft could come up with ways to make it better. Only downside I had with using Skype was when sharing my screen & audio. The audio of that was not loud enough to the person I shared the video with.
Had a scam experience, it seemed pretty sketchy, so I contacted support. They got back to me right away and confirmed that it was a scam and made sure to report the users issuing it Thanks for keeping my info safe.
I've been using Discord for about 7 years at this point, I've always considered it a 5/5 app. However the new update is extremely user unfriendly, shoving a bunch of info into separate screens and doubling the time it takes to do anything, from checking PMs to simply looking at the online list for a server. The previous layout was seemlees and genius in its simplicity. The new one makes it a chore to use the app, and I hope the people in charge realize their mistake sooner than later.
Some disapointing differences between desktop and mobile and there's a lot of server crashes. Nitro is almost a must for the discord experience but it's pricy
Reverse the update already
Doesn't work probably.
Nice if law would not steal my info
HORRIBLE APP I SWEAR I HAD 20 MINUTES ON MY PHONE AND WHEN I CALLED SOMEONE FOR 10 SECONDS I ONLY HAD 0 LEFT DO NOT GET THIS APP IT IS HORRIBLE!!!
I really like that this app is easy to use. You can silence the groups whenever you need to. I wish is was an easier way to go back to old messages without having to scroll back so far. Otherwise, very easy and simple way to communicate with groups of multiple people.
Why are you taking so much money off my card, 2x in Nov. and now 2x Dec. Stop the stealing 😮‍💨🤬
I don't understand everything yet, but I do enjoy what I know
Had it for a lil under a ur was working fine but know I cant even open the notification setting to set the notification I have to open the app to c if I have received a message.
great way to talk to a lot of people and keep in touch!
The new interface is unintuitive, buggy and very, very slow. Selecting a server sometimes takes over a second for the app to respond, with no visual indication of whether it actually accepted your press (which is annoying, because the lag makes it sometimes ignores your press if you don't hold it long enough). Still two stars because it still allows you to send and receive messages once you've managed to reach your chat. Most of the time.
I really like discord, but for some reason is always bugging and not connecting when I restart the app. This is a serious issue that blocks me from using discord time and time again.
New update is not accessible. I hate the layout, I don't like how the servers and the messages are accessed from different pages. The video call layout is hard to navigate. There change in background colour makes things more difficult to read (yes it's still gray, but it's a different shade). Also I've found that video quality is much worse since the update. Videos are glitching and freezing so often that we can't see or hear each other, to the point of us looking for a different app. Change it!
Its cool for a group only for a short period of time.
I would love to keep my phone number which is what I'm doing the butt there was saying is you can't call anyone on there they have to call you so if you download this game it's best for you to keep it because there's people that you were texting and calling and things like that and if you change it they won't know your phone number unless you tell them before you do it now another thing is if I could please just call my my friends and my girlfriend my mom my dad my uncle that would be great
I am extremely unimpressed. I've been using discord for years now. At least since 2020. Since the force discord update discord has been acting up so much it's making my phone and laptop overheat. Not only has the new layout completely messed with my muscle memory, it also hasn't been giving notifications or allowing me to report bug issues or call my friends. A bug issue I face quite a lot in the past few days is when I try to send a text, it won't send. Then sends 10 texts. Please fix this.
It is absolutely horrendous. when I try to change my password it always never works, It sometimes says; "It needs to be '6 or more characters" or "needs to be 72 characters below". There is also another problem when changing your pass, I made it a difficult password it says invalid token.
Other person does not hear unless they stay on for 2 min because you called them earlier on different phone to let them know your are calling to test the app
I am not able to get notifications of messages. I've checked all my settings and reinstalled app to no avail.
Breaks up most calls
Dout this isn't app that you can download music too huh need to workout that too
Too many ads. I need, to be able to use the phone, without worrying if I'm near a WI FI or not. Sorry.
Since update my discord is very slow have to open and close like 5 times to see messages.
It is soo slow you cant keep the number they give you until you get a member ship pr something text now is so much better
Good chat app.
It's terrible
Watching ads don't give minutes. Scammers. You care more about your ads than the function of your apps. Uninstalled and good luck to you!
CAN'T call out but it uses up my minutes
Sucks.  I cannot see who has called or what missed calls I have.  Need to be fixed.
Update, got new phone but idk only me or someone have same issue like bug on interface, and I just using wifi but sometimes take alot time to load 1 channels.
Every update is worse then the next
Amazing, I use it for most of my communication with friends. My only gripe with it at the current time being is that the ui isn't updated for S23+. Replies, editing, etc. Shows up as a squashed element, leaving a gray bar down the middle of my screen and no buttons to press.
Prevouis Message... I was able to locate the deleted message.. Thank you
I love how this is a messaging app that's just a messaging app. No annoying social media hook trying to mine your data. I know it's for privacy, but I wish there was a way to back up to the cloud. And sometimes, the app takes a little too long to deliver a message, even when there are no network issues. But it's infrequent enough to not be a bother. Definitely the best messaging app out there. I love it.
Think this is the dam reason why....
Very useful app.
didn't even work enough to sign up.
sometimes it's stops and network is busy
Disappointed that they are disabling SMS messaging since it works well as a messaging app. I will uninstall when SMS support goes away and go back to Samsung's messaging app. It's Signal's loss.
It terrible
The app was great. Love the end to end encryption but having to move to a second app to keep texting people that don't have signal is a deal breaker. I will continue until sms/mms support drops then I'm out
completely terrible app
You guys are NEVER active. Whenever someone actually has a problem you do nothing about it, BUT when the timing is wrong you ban them.... I've been using this app for YEARS and nothing changed. The mobile layout sucks too
Provide the international calls with expensive rates
I can't share my screen for some reason the screen goes black, nobody can see what I'm sharing. Can you please fix that. I have a Samsung S20 FE
I really do enjoy using this app. I suggested using this app for a company group chat to post scheduling and for updates on events going on at the place I work. It's made it easy to message coworkers I don't have numbers to and even my employer and coworkers have thanked me for suggesting it. It's simple and easy to use making it easier for the rest of us.
Not worth it.
It's OK, but not really comparable to the web interface. One feature that's glaringly missing is the "Inbox" feed of all unread messages.
If u r able to operate in UAE then we would love to get back to you guys. So please work on that.
Sometimes it doesn't show notifications.
Disappointed by app behavior and privacy leak. I force stopped the app several times from the Skype app info... Yet it keeps overruling me and remain active in the background. If on an android device an app is Force Stopped, it suppose to stay remain closed and inactive until the user chooses to use/activate/wake the app again. I also have been contacted by a group I never shared my contact information with required to be able to contact me. Missing ability to report before blocking user/group.
So far so great!
new UI update is AWFUL. revert if you can and disable auto updates, slow as hell and more confusing for no reason. can't even search the full server anymore, you HAVE to search one thread at a time
Not sending picture messages anymore. It says that message is not going througg
It's fine but everytime I enter the app is always says "Set up TextNow to send and receive messages and calls" even though I gave it the permissions! It's ANNOYING!
Never gave out number but getting sales calls. I have received numerous calls from non-working numbers or numbers that don't accept incoming calls. I have texted one friend and called another since having this app. They are obviously selling your number to anyone and everyone.
Unreliable. Every update comes with new issues impacting very basic chat functionality.
Return to the old layout *NOW*
Great app, but it's quite hard to get people to actually start using it. As always with markets as full of walled gardens as messaging is. For those who already have Signal though, it's brilliant.
Faster and better than Facebook & Gmail
App is good but you can't see whether someone is online or not.
internet connection access
1 star until you fix your last screw up The new interface is horrible. Not only you enforced the useless "swipe-to-reply" feature, but also removed the "swipe-to-see-members-list" feature along the way. How did this update even pass testing. Do you guys not let some users try it out beforehand? - An absolutely disapppointed 8-year discord user who buys nitro regularly.
This is totally not good...Soo many inominous calls and texts...It gets stuck every time i start chatting...Asking for soo many information when necessary..👎
It has become very bad. Does not send codes
I'm pretty sure Signal unknowingly hired a deep state bad actor who is working tirelessly to ruin the app. Why can't I change the color of chats and keep mine gray or blue? Why do I have to chance the color of MY chat bubbles in every chat? Group chats are trashed now, and MMS is unreliable af. Please revert to the chat options from 3 years ago.
Sometimes it doesn't receive pictures. What do I do?
I'm very upset, I just had to reinstall the app so I could log in. It logged me out on its on and it deleted half of my messages(important) and calls. I've paid to have ads removed because I like the app but now y'all are tripping.....I need y'all to recover all my information asap😤😠😡
This app is so great for communicating, sharing any information and is very easy to use!
Its the best
Whenever i tried to relog into my account, it wont work. I tried multiple times and even made alt accounts. I cant relog into them whenever I log out or uninstall
Nice update but the problem is the buttons for the roles or to react isn't showing up
The newest UI update is terrible. We didn't ask for it. You didn't need to fix what wasn't broken. You have to shuffle through three menus to find what you are looking for. Even ruined dark mode. It doesn't sync with desktop anymore. I didn't want text to pop. You had a decent grey background that was fine, but that was is gone. Hopefully you didn't wreck voice chat with this "update"
The best app for peaceful chatting... can you make the app autosync with the desktop app when you connect to the desktop app? Some people trying to register can't get OTP via phone number.
Calls drop all the time you barley can have a decent conversation it gets frustrating because the other line can be talking and you hear them but they can't hear you. IF you don't have Wi-fi you might as well don't use the app because you might get heard or you might not long story short it's bad but good service cause the 2nd number but it's just difficult using because only wi-fi..
Discord just asked me for feedback, so this is exactly what they'll get. I just went through a bunch of reviews lambasting Discord's latest mobile UI changes, marking them as helpful. You should, too. This is because the latest changes Discord made to the mobile app have made it slower, more buggy, and significantly less navigable than ever before. In the past, I would have recommended it, but currently, I'd say skip it unless absolutely necessary.
You can't escape Google spyware, but this will get you one step closer to privacy.
Hate it works when it wants too....GETRIN ON MY NURSE...
I hate because I have too get minutes
Showed text messages then when i open they are not there!!!
Can't lie the recent update on android is awful, there's now a lack of seamless transition between direct messages and servers are very disjointed. No longer are you able to just swipe in and out of a DM, maybe this is on old devices but the transition animations seem to now be longer and more disruptive. Genuinely ruins the user's experience.
Works like a charm!
This was a great app until it locked me out of my account and told me I needed to verify to get back in. It keeps saying it sent a verification email, but I haven't gotten one! Can someone please help me access my account? I use this number and I need it. I can't find any kind of customer service to contact to resolve this.
It's not working what happened
Used up 54% of battery with 7 texts and 2 calls under 3mins. Ads open up in separate tab on google search then in google play store.
I bought the lock in number for a one time use, certain verification code. They still have a problem sending the code. I would give more stars. Help
after the update it wont let me do anything , all it says its loading . and it says that i have called people i never did .
Reception is bad
why is my mute button is dissappear?
It's great but all valls echo!
Perfect for the need.
I thought that I would be able to make more calls
You banned me in my old account after I got tricked to click a link :(
The new UI is absolutely atrocious. It makes everything way more confusing + difficult and it makes my eyes hurt. For the love of God, PLEASE change it back.
Doesnt work anymore every time you try to call out it will change your number and give you the this number has been disconnected signal which is bs
I've been using your service for years. I'm faithful to you guys. thank you.
Stop asking me to rate apps
the reason i put one star bc it woulded let me put 0 star and by the way text now is better! so not to all people not to install so yeah!!
It's fine but it laggs alot and freezes most of the time then I have to download it again to make it work
Can't register a number. Every number immediately says it was terminated due to inactivity. Really? After 5 seconds? 4 times in a row? This app worked great like 7 years ago on my ipod touch. Now won't work at all.
It's very good app. Connection has to be good or the app doesn't have clarity when speaking
Not sure this update was an improvement. I can no longer swipe to see the user list and I can't disable swipe to reply without enabling the launchpad feature. Messages don't load properly when you switch channels. I'd love an option to revert back to the previous UI. This just isn't cutting it. I'm only using my desktop version now. Update: Discord seems to be doubling down on the new UI, so I've canceled my Nitro sub until we we have the ability to toggle back to the old UI
Good app but why does it not allow me to send an SMS to a recipient that does not have Signal using data
The calls are inconsistent and the ads are to large what 8s the point of having a back ground
This app vry secure, I love it❤
Satisfactory
Helps to keep me connected to my class mates
I'm trying to link up with people I need to be reset it's not letting me search for my group this app sucks ass
I dont understand why i have to pay to get sent a code.
Great for Emergencies
The new UI is utterly dogshit. I don't understand why they changed something that was fine and nobody complained about.
Its aight.
It's an okay app, Ive been using for years now but it keeps pausing my Spotify no matter what I do, I won't even be on a call and it pauses, I close the app it pauses. I know I can just disconnect Spotify from being connected to my account but I like having it on my profile and friends can see what I'm listening to, and it wasn't like this before, only just recently.
Easiest and fastest way to communicate with a group.
Skype is a very cool app to make calls to any place of the World, very good support and it has very great subscriptions to call to too many places a very good prices, just I would like a subscriptions have included the text messages, because the rates to send texts messages is a little high and would must support MMS, not just SMS. I have a USA number and it works very well on device, like as phone, tablet or computer. I love to use Skype, really I'm a very happy user.
Between ALL of the texting apps out there, this was the only one that connected to my Google Voice. However your calls will get interrupted by ads, the calls will drop randomly, sometimes the person on the other line won't be able to hear you, ALSO you can't multitask while on the phone. So if you're okay will all of that then sure this app is great.
hear me..... So I have to restart my phone😡😡😡😡😡
New Ui is horrible and confuses me
I'm receiving messages delayed but sometimes 20 minutes. When someone calls it doesn't ring... So annoying
Great! Except for the sound not always working on notifications.
It works out fine so far... i dont have any major issues with the app
Wish I could rate lower. Forced updates before you can text?! Stories! What are we 3? Jumped the shark. Gone from iterrating on useful features to adding bloat. So much disappointment. Forced updates just to add emoji suck. But please have me verify my pin again and again.
Loved the app for years and recommended to many others. With the removal of SMS, we're jumping ship. Terrible move Signal, what were you thinking?
It sometimes stupid
Its good but when I try to call someone else with text free it doesn't let me.
All I want on this phone it's to be able to call end text with my friends that's all I want on this phone
Pretty good app..looses data connection alot
Just like 👍 texting on it
It doesn't let me in it says there were a problem and wants me to sign out and back in
Excellent as always
It's good in terms of service but not good in terms of the mobile app It runs extremely slow on my tablet even though it ran perfectly fine before the update and even crashes when I type too fast, this new mobile update sucks! (Don't tell me it's because of my tablet I use a 2019 tablet).
12/18/23 update is absolute garbage. It changed the whole UI and we hate it. Put it back to how it was before!
Crashes so much please fix it
This app is excellent. I was able to talk with friends from far distant places.
Ads take up more screens then the actual app.. the while you're trying to text a random video starts playing... some pop up ads are delayed on purpose so you think its popping up and you tap to close it up just end up Tapping the ad... non of this is set up to be useful to the user.. its all a money grab... I understand you needs ads but this is abuse and should be investigated.
not much to say to many bugs used it a hand full of times keep it on my device just in case some I meet prefers the app
some bug i can't fix
chats load, whether I wait for 20 seconds or 20 minutes. Also, the group
Great app for a communal family setting to communicate
Don't weast your time and data for this app, it keep on change number
>le change ui for no reason >proceeds to bring in even more bugs to an already buggy app >discord becomes even more unusable >goodbye quality control hello pay to win messaging app
If the person doesn't pick up your ears bleed.
I love this app, it's one of the best messenger I have used so far.
It is an okay app. I can message my friends with no problem. It is difficult to add friends.
Discord's image sharing broke in this update. When I tried to send a message in a server, it sent to the last DM i was in. Not sure how they managed to do that.
Just a great messaging service. Love ❤️ it thankyou
Its good
How am i supposed to pay you if you wont accept my debit card??!!!
Skype is good again only Gif is not working.
Awesome 👍 Thanks Thank You Ya All AlbertRuth W.,,
textfree is not workin and its saying like textfree has stoped everytime i get on
Every time I try and text it freezes and force closes. I used to love this app. Now its just agravating. Please fix.
Overall UI/UX experience is good, but only issue which I as well as my other colleagues face is it doesn't show notifications if phone is locked, irrespective of silent or ring mode. Now new issue is that doesn't ring when getting a call. The missed calls are also know when we open the app. Please it notifications are not well received at user and sysncwd with mobile devices. So I'll give a 2 star.
The entire app could have a way faster response and loading time and it slows my phone down when I'm using it
It's such a large, resource sucking app (soooo much RAM) that it lags and
No longer shows message counts on home screen icon. Unread message count inside the app stuck on two, even though all messages have been read.
YA LES DI DULINGO PARA REABRIR SIGNAL....AHORA PORQUE PIDEN QUE CIERRE MAS APP.?.
I like the app, had it on my samsung s4 phone, and got it on the samsung tab A, but thing is, on the tablet, it doesnt make any noise when incoming text come in, so miss people's texts....only know I got some text, cause my phone would make the sound for incoming text.
Easy and functional
Was free now requires ads to be watched or pay for time.
Often fails to transmit messages , asking me to resend on a regular basis.
It's really convenient.
Very great application.
I have tried for 3 days to reset my password and the email never comes. I still havent gotten it fixed.
The new layout definitely brought people by surprise with most people hating it (myself included). After some time of getting used to it, it's whatever. The main issue I have is the status messages, which we can't see easily anymore. I use Discord as my main messaging app. Some cool features: adding connections, which is pretty much linking your socials, so if you wanna publicize, there it is; you can share what you're doing; and customize your profile in many ways.
Good form of communication for all operating systems
Hi. The app works better than WhatsApp and other video calling apps ... only problem im facing is that my Samsung Note 8 battery drains really really fast when im on call and the phone heats up. A LOT. I don't want to be the first person whose Samsung note 8 burst while on call!
I think discord need more feauture
Voice call bug on android, every time i played roblox my voice call stopped (forcr close) it self, i hope you can give me suggestion to stop this bug bcs its so annoying.
Good chat for our group
My friends and I use it to plan get togethers every week. However it recently failed to send one of my messages. It always stayed at the bottom and wouldn't hide when I chose that option. I had to reinstall to get rid of it!
i can't set up a picture and I can't save pictures that family sent to me
Used to be the best, but due to non-support for communication with non-signal users Telegram is better.
This last update is horrible. Cant even see my friendlist, only the recent DMs and those who are online. It completely destroys to have we have been used to. I truly hope it will be reverted back, otherwise ill have to uninstall it from my phone. Its just way too inconvinient.
It was good!
May Allah rest you. Have a great night. Amen
Why it download 2 times I think it should be improved
I do not understand this app. I do not see any kind of guide on how to function it.
I got it because my beloved said it was easy to use
I like this app its ok i rated 3 stars bc i think there could be more to it
There's a bug that wont let me verify the captcha thingy can you fix that please?
I love it an it comes in handid
I'm dropping this due to lack of sms support. Major shame.
Good connection
Cook for you
This app has been a good alternative to the other chatting apps out there. Does what the other ones do, and then some. Better in a number of ways.
Nice 👍 easy to use perfect application
Tells me everyone who has group me doesn't and vice versa. Dumpster fire of an app and not worth the hassle
very good place for getting friends on
The app has poor call quality over a perfectly good fiber optic network
It is ok.
Messages distribution lagging a lot recently
Can't create an account. "an error has occurred" smh.
It won't let me send vids AT ALL. 3sec vid? No. 1 sec vid? Still no. I wish you did not FEEL like you you have to pay to send even a millisecond vid. All I can send is screen shots, not even irl pics. I just want to send irl and screen vids and irl pics
I use Skype almost everyday, but sometimes, which is now more often, it
It is great if u have 2 use a iPad not a phone.
connectivity is not reliable. 15% connectivity at the most.
back to it after finishing reloading.
Hi I would recommend this site because this is very accessible to talk to a person I need to talk abroad, thank you
Great chat app
Don't forget to bring your time
Would be four or five stars but clyde bot sucks and keeps kicking me from calls whilest i wait for my friends
Perfect connection ! Amazing . Thank you
New update made the app so unfunctional. The layout is very hard to understand, and lately the app has been glitching so many. Like everytime I open a DM it'll stay on that one persons DM page no matter where I click. Same thing the servers. It glitches out and I have to close the app and reopen it, and this happened multiple times. It also lags when sending messaging now for some reason? None of these things happened before. And if they did they usually fix themselves in a few seconds.
Stupid, deleted all texts, wants to delete my number
I text someone and it keeps coming back again like no sent!
Good for wifi texting 👏
Ive used this app for 2 yrs its great ty text now
I had my number for over 3 years and had hundreds of contacts then all of a sudden my account was disabled for no reason. I tried again 2 more times and they both got disabled again after a short time!! Very frustrated.
Tried to use it to keep in touch with an old friend. Did not work. He's a tech head (degree and 15 years in IT) and nor could he.
When ever i am singning in its automatically sign out...Then i have to agajn sign in but the same problem
This app is just ok. Useful at times but far from perfect. This app needs some spit and polish.
It's great but the new verification email thing is so annoying. It's literally so annoying I need to do that to get in to a discord server and it doesn't even work it doesnt sent the email or verification thing
Previously I said the new update wasn't good and gave a few reasons why since then I have encountered a dozen more bugs and glitches that and the horrible new ui make this by far the worst update I've ever seen discord try to roll out. It doesn't do anything well and achieved absolutely nothing new. Please for the love of God go back an update or fix the horrific mess that is navigating the mobile app
What a shame Signal is attempting to copy social media apps instead of providing a simple & secure way to message people.
Yeah it's Kool
It's not giving me an option for a free trial for the plus if I'm gonna pay 10 dollars a month I would at least like to know it's worth it before paying that much
Helpful communication tool
Good: I really appreciate the ability to set volume level for each person separately. Meh: I've had intermittent problems getting Discord to use my Bluetooth headset on my phone. These days it usually works if I connect the headset before I start Discord. Bad: in a video call with 3 friends, the app rarely shows all video feeds. Usually I see 1 video tile + 3 static tiles. And the video crops to a tile instead of scaling down; on vertical screen I only get a narrow slice of my friend's face.
Just love it
If I got notifications more consistently I could rate higher
Awful user interface update, it's clunky and gigantic, uses way too much space and just plain doesn't make sense in any context. Edit: The longer I use it, the worse it gets somehow. There's no muscle memory to be made, it's just awful, through and through.
WAY too many ads to the point you'll be in the middle sending a text and they will pop up and I have often accidentally downloaded apps because of it. Texts also sometimes take FOREVER to send and be received. Otherwise it's not terrible although the lack of encryption is VERY concerning so you should be careful what you send to people.
It is good
It is Soo annoying that the status option of invisible is not working properly on Skype. If we set our status as invisible on Skype as soon as we close and open the app again it is showing as active which such an annoying glitch!! Hope this will be fixed soon.
Good 50.00 I rrr the rrr y you tube to sleep on the day of
Very good alternative
Easy to use, secure and reliable
ads r a little annoying for some reason people say they cant hear me or im not coming threw even though we live in the same town and i have 5g internet pls fix this as ive always used this app for important phone calls now i have to spend $60 on phone cards.. Thanks
Update: Decided to reinstall this app and now it's working again. So far so good, 12-07-20 Since the last update, it crashes all the time, can't use anymore..... Good app when working.... Works on my other phone, but not on my main cell....
Does not call everywhere has a couple bugs still
It won't let me send pictures since the update😡😡😡😡😡😡
Amazing! I have little issue tho i can't save my name after i change it sometimes I hope you guys fix this, have a great day!
Skype call and ask questions about your job
It's alright. I think it would be cool to have nitro for free tho
works sometimes the quality has improved but sometimes it crashes for no reason
Someone tried to call my number and they said some man answered. So no the app is not good.
1) the custom notification of each chatroom is always reset. 2) Customisation of the sticker sequence and the favourite stickers option should be added.
Tried to access my account through my email and all of a sudden it's telling me there is not an account... was able to login 45 min ago tho
Your app is used by mainly Indian and Muslim men trying to scam innocent people. This app deserves to be removed altogether or find a way to remove the "Microsoft" scammers using your app. I got 5 phone calls from all different textnow numbers, all claiming to be from Microsoft. It's absolutely ridiculous! You don't even deserve a star.
This app is hard to use but if you understand it it's soo easy,
Booooooooooo! Why is SMS support leaving?? :( Signal was so good... With SMS....
Was 5 stars but then they updated the UI so I gave them 4 stars and now they updated it again and it sucks more so now it's 3 stars
It's not letting me place calls anymore ! How come!!?
So I see the signal not caring about our privacy 🙄 Like Whatsapp, Signal just “jumped the shark” and stops caring so much about privacy I had signal since 2017 I guess it's time to delete this app just like I did with whatsapp for not caring about people privacy
Easy to use, and all my buddies use it.
The app works fine, the problem is the people. This can be the most hedonistic landscape depending on which server you join, and who you encounter.
I loves this app always works,  but I signed out & it won't let me log back in it keeps saying logging in.......  ?
Completely free privacy, completely free custom stickers (I don't think Telegram has that) and ringtone. Would recommend!
It's a good app but something happend while I was texting someone and it deleted everyone
Please put back the right slide to see the members of a server. Please swipe right to see the members of a server. Accessing logged-in members becomes too complicated, and complex too read. Moreover the private messages are not as important as the servers, the "home" button when you log on the page should be all the servers not the private messages.
Can be a bit confusing to set up but easy and good for techies: otherwise I would give it 5 stars. Brilliant at letting you hide the folders you don't want to use while out and about. Also lets you see an overview of new mail from several accounts in one window. Many thanks to all the volunteers who give their time to provide a truly free product. Much better than the browser-based systems used by Google, Yahoo etc that have so many intrusive adverts.
Great alternative for texting... However, I have a SIM card from here... And I've recently noticed it's more buggy.. like how a few minutes ago I got a IMPORTANT message which now I'll NEVER GET TO READ because after the quick like 3 second display of the message cut off, I click the notif and it didn't show the message & neither did the app! I tried resetting my phone and looking for updates. Now idk what it said
Been a good ap to use . No glitches or lags.
Rumor has it Skype is going away in favor of TEAMS.
This app crashed and logged me out. Cannot log back in. "Unexpected Error" for weeks now.
love TextNow been running this app for years and years and years now so the only calling and messaging app that I prefer over an actual cell phone plan. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Unable to login Scenario:- newly account created join one page.. Logout to try to login again the error come invalid for both user and password... Irritating application fix it
The mobile app cannot compare to desktop. While it has all of the features, it's not optimized as well. Opening it is a roulette of not showing me any servers I'm in, to it being stuck in one chat channel, no matter the server. The option to change input and output methods would be great. Overall, decent
I can't even send videos or pictures anymore without the app crashing. The UI is not user friendly anymore. No sound board audio when playing on Xbox.
There is no privacy when this app needs your cellphone number to sign up.
the app update is so bad and uncomfortable to use and i miss the easily accessible sidebar with all the stuff in servers and i hate the swipe to reply feature its annoying and i keep doing it on accident and all around its just bad. and its glitchy too i keep getting a weird glitch where one channel is stuck open and just duplicates in every server JUST LET ME GO BACKKKKKKKKKK TO THE OLD VERSION
It was great, until they hit rid of regular sms. Why do you do everything to kill your own app? First removed sms import, now get rid of sms completely? It's like you're trying to have people stop using the app
I'm having issues with uploading audio, after I uploaded it I discovered very strange noise on it, please if there's anything to do to fix it let me know.
Great for privacy
The old Skype is much more easy to use !
Great online phone for text & talk.
I can't log in - says check Internet connection. I can get on the internet with other apps. It's really frustrating!
This is soo fun
very useful app
Average. The ads are intrusive, overbearing and annoying.
just because the other party can't hear me and that's time wasted. Also,
Next to the icon it needs a red dot WITH a number of unread messages instead of just a red dot. my default messaging app does it, but why can't signal do it too?
All these texting apps.make you subscribe I much rather have a laggy texting app like textingstory
This app is so great and better
It is REALLY INCONVENIENT to not have the unread messages count for channels and to have to scroll to your earliest unread message by 25 messages at a time.
It keeps kicking me out of the voice calls even though my wifi connection is good. Please fix this :(
Its so slay but the group chats sometime sre really toxic
The new update has ruined this app. It's constantly breaking, the new UI is awful compared to the previous and they haven't improved a single thing.
It needs to be better.
Definitely gives you WHat you need messages wise. Haven't been able to send videos yet tho.
Not that bad
App is alright but when I talk with my friends on my phone in a call and I open mine craft or roblox I can still hear my friends but when I open it and join a game it just disconnects me from the call
Used to work really well but the past 8 months or so messages sometimes don't go through for upwards of a few hours. There are some serious bugs that render a messaging app useless. If messages sometimes take 30seconds to 3,4 hours to send, what's the point?
It's ok could be better on the camera. Keeps going out on when you try other apps
Should get more minutes for watching a 30sec. - 45sec. vids
Removing SMS support but adding stories, you're moving backwards. On to the next messaging app...
Use to be a great app but now it's totally useless when trying to make or receive phone calls. Never connects and the rare time it does the call quality is horrible. I have tried clearing cache, restarting phone, uninstalling and reinstalling but it just does not work
Discord is getting worse by every update. Old version was the best.
This app is really bad. The call quality is white noise and of you try to put it on speaker you keep getting white noise along with a beeping sound. Also it doesn't notify me when someone's calling. Sometimes after someone has called I will get a notification that I have a missed call and sometimes it don't
Works great for secure comms.
Best app for chating u can use this app no virus etc.
Would be nice to use my text free number as my number for Facebook. That way I have a security feature  such as if I forget my password. I have tried to use this number on Facebook, but never was able to receive to code via text.
It's mess up app
I love this messaging system but I have 3 contacts that use Signal. Three. So basically I can no longer use Signal after losing sms capability. I'm sad to go
I am really upset about these two new bugs I've never had before the latest update: 1) The app auto-rotates the screen even though I have that setting turned off on my phone. 2) Photos/images get sent to the last DM convo I was in rather than the group channel I'm currently messaging in. The only fix I've found is to delete the DM convo altogether.
Love this app but having problems finding my person today!
It's a great app to use
Great Communication Tool
I loveee this app but I'm starting to hate it because it keeps stopping and not working
every half an hour. When I click the message the app sends me to the page
I cannot hear anybody talk on the other end
It keeps on saying this username is already used try a nother  username
it is very good so far so good
How can I join public groups? By the way telegram is best
I love using the app but recently I just purchased nitro (9.99 plan) for my friend Jose and it didn't even work for him! He already has nitro basic (2.99 plan) but he should have access to the advanced features! Also recently I haven't even been able to access my discord servers!
Takes forever to connect and load, messages, images, and videos. Latest update made it nearly unusable
Say hello to a "privacy" app that apparently messages your contacts letting them know you've downloaded the app, without asking you... without even notifying you! I got a confused message from my Grandma asking if I was okay and I had to explain to her the concept of end to end encryption. Thanks for that, Signal! Unbelievable... 0 stars.
Love this app so much 🤗🤗 its a fantastic app for privacy chats. There are no words left behind to appreciate this app and its engineers the experience is too fantastic for this app I belongs to India And I have a suggestion for the team that donation fees will be somewhat more decreas so that a person belongs to middle family will donate to you according to their cash in pocket I also want to donate the app but i feel 200 rs more than my ability so plz reduce the fees so we can also help you
Too many pics and gifs fail when trying to upload. Overall, nice app with a a few items to adjust.
Requires VPN to work
Their service is very poor.This application belongs to Sweetan Company, just as the student government's thinking is very stupid, this application is also very stupid.It doesn't have a good call-to-call service
Theres a bug or glitch like when we open something in background and discord is also open then discord starts glitching im not able to send messages or anything it just shows connecting
Meh...not sure how great a secure app is on an easily compromised platform. Read citizenlab for details. Security theatre I suppose.
Got hacked and I'm not sure what was done with my account but I can no longer use it.
works as promised and no dropped calls.
It's really good, however it doesn't show the on line/off line status
I love the app but needs a update to send videos
It's ok don't like the stickers can improve
It's work very well
I cant create account always wrong pin,i always send msg but reply..
Been using Signal exclusively for years. I try to donate every once in a while.
It was a really great app and i enjoy it alot but i was shocked that my acc got disabled discord thinking that im a 12 yrs old please recover my acc in mot 12😭
The new ui is so stupid. It's harder to get where you were going now as it's a maze and it is in no way an improvement to the previous ui. Please just bring back the old ui
Not user friendly, it needs some modification maybe.
Stupid bug in verification process that won't let me in the app! I press and hold the button, and it confirms with the check mark, but then it glitches and shows the verification popup again. This repeats forever on the Android app, but on Chrome it works. What's the point of an app that won't let me use it?!
Helps me a lot is connecting with my remote team
Easy to use,but little bit long buffering when you send file or video. Overall good
Delete this app
I don't know why this problem, in my galaxy tab 3.8 to every contact appear with 3 or 4 symbols of textfree, please fix it, for other things the App work very well. If you solve this problem my score automatically go to 5 stars, have a good weekend.
Less than half the messages seem to make it through
Hate the new update
No screen share mobail application very bad
Should have half star. I'd say 3.5 out of 5. Works for what I need it for plus pics. Sync and personalization/options could be better.
I can't even send my friend videos to edit because they are too big and I don't have Nitro and in my opinion that is so stupid like I should not have to pay for a texting and talking app like that is actually so stupid. Other than that it is a pretty good app.
Slowest app also always have server issues even internet is fine every update this app always getting more slow
I like using this skype app. I use it for my clients when I do psychic, ancestral and spiritual consultation readings. Always clear and my client and I like seeing each other face to face. So absolutely no shade to throw on Skype.
Very reliable
Absolutely fantastic service. I will give it 5 stars once they cut their ties with the communist party of China and also stop selling people's personal information. The service also has issues with groomers and child predators that have been addressed in the past but are not even remotely close to fixing.
Still taking my money when subscription was cancelled because the number was offline most of the time
Search doesnt work on chromebook. Nothing comes up at all. Apparently there are no people called 'John' on skype. Pointless
It's not free
Isme to login he na ho rha h.. How can i make id in this app...
It doesn't always give me notifications for new messages. Incredibly frustrating. Edit. Now my chats won't update when I'm looking at them. One chat is frozen. This app is garbage and will be deleting it as soon as my group finds which app we all want to use. Edit: my whole group left the app. Half is were having the same problems I was. Don't use this app, it is bad.
Very nice App
Thanks for ruining a previously great app, Microsoft!
Great contact tool!
There is no way to clear all chat messages and keep the empty chats in the chat list. When I clear all message history, I have to use the search function to get the chat back and send a message in order to bring it back to the chat list.
Very nice and it keeps you in touch with your group, this app is great because it continues on my new phone without interruption !
I get every notification twice!!!!! I can't turn off SMS notifications in the settings
It's nice, but don't get far with out spending money
Why is it telling me I need to upgrade the app is already updated.
it was great!! I could talk to my Mom and everyone!
All of a sudden I cant text or call, I've been using text now for a few years and this is the first time it's done this...please help
Don't know where my original review went. Seemed to disappear. Google said the developer responded, yet when I opened it I couldn't read it. Mildly frustrating. Whatever happened between the time of posting and now, I noticed a new update, installed it and it seems to have addressed the crashing issues I've been having with the new profiles update. If anything else changes in future I will update my review, positive or negative.
Me and my friend can't log back in our accounts even though our passwords and email works
Please fix discord. You and your team only just made this worse. My gifs don't work when sending, and the embed gif for minutes won't work either. FIX IT. Please fix discord, it is broken and ruined already. You only just have made the worst update for everyone. Including me. You must fix this. You are breaking my gifs, your breaking my heart, you are breaking me, & more importantly... YOUR BREAKING DISCORD 😭😭😭😭 f i x i t p l e a s e . . .
Very cool app
I use this app to communicate with some people I know, but I've noticed several issues. When I try to send images to people sometimes, the app will crash out. Sometimes, it will crash and exit out of nowhere. It also has repeated messages as a glitch, and the new format should be optional. I also beg for the love of you to please stop stacking new features on the application and actually focus more on the issues, even someone I knew had criticized this app reasonably.
Can't have more expectations from electron js devs to make a mobile app but bruh yall suk at making your mobile app responsive I can't do anything After a few updates ui is glitching on s22 ultra please fix this
I added $5 dollars and my wallet showed $0. I was stolen.
No available numbers I've tried a ton of random area codes & it gives me no number
I like it because you can like call someone but you have to get the number yeah but yeah I like it
It's ok but sometimes I can't hear anything when I get a call
Not as reliable as some of its competitors.
I've used this app be a for and it never let me down So yes I reamed it for everybody
New update n I can no longer use GIFs updates annoying
I've been using discord since 2019, till this date I have got no other problem, today I encountered a problem, the problem is I'm not able to scroll to different servers and channels,not at all able to scroll messages, right now I'm giving it 4 star, only because of this prob I'm giving 4 other wise I would have given 5 star... thank you, pls make sure discord got no other bugs etc..
Robs you of free minutes earned through watching vids or doing promotions. Dont give you minutes you earn just a bad service and app.
Very nice..just to many adds
NOTE :There was some people so bad i report discord team take action in this note
If this app is so secure how is the FBI getting transcripts of texts sent with Signal for use in criminal cases? If the app is so secure why does it notify you when friends in your contacts list sign up with signal? That isn't secure.
Buggy as hell. Seems to be getting worse over time.
App inoperable after the latest update
New update messed up discord so bad
Can't change my display name to be different in each thread/channel.
keeps crashing. makes my phone skip
I HATE THE NEW UPDATE, I JUST TOTALLY KILLED THE CLASSIC AWESOMENESS OF DISCORD, IF YOU GUYS ACTUALLY READ THE FEEDBACKS HERE THAN PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT, BECAUSE THIS UPDATE KILLED THE CLASSIC LOOK ANS FEEL OF DISCORD ON PHONE
I initially sent a review back in 2018, stating the issue that the mobile app was too "bare bones" and lacked many features the PC version had. Now it's the opposite. This app tries too hard to copy the PC app 1:1 that its become bogged down and bloated with features that don't work properly on mobile. Most annoying being the laggy performance and the fact that server changes (such as channel names or users left) can take days, even over a week to update and show!
It's nice in all, except for the video sending. I'm trying to send videos, and 11 seconds is to long?!? Thats literal bs.
All the functionalities needed for a messaging app. Minimalistic and easy to use. I like it!
Stable and reliable; one minor issue - does not seem to support multiple pdf attachments in one post.
Batter security and data protection than WhatsApp
works ok with Wi-Fi
New update is causing a havoc. Appears its not sending msg then will burst swne them. Can't change channels without closing down the app and restarting.
Wonderful app
Best app ever been using since the stone ages
Upd. The app just crashed one day and didn't want to recover from backup. So I have lost all my chats. Please make folders: unread, private, etc
I just realized that changing my number does not change my text messages saved. I am happy. Just nervous when things change. I do recommend this app to anyone. Thank you for the reply developers. I appreciate that very much. Your awesome. Again just reacted too quickly not realizing your messages are saved
Betrayal! The old "bait and switch." Just when I thought I had found my one texting solution for all of my phone texting, you come out and tell me I'll need to get another texting solution to handle SMS texts! WHY SHOULD I INVITE THE 95% OF MY FRIENDS TO TRY SIGNAL WHEN I THEN HAVE TO TELL THEM "O BUT YOU'LL NEED TO HAVE A SEPARATE APP FOR ALL YOUR SMS TEXTS!" Now I'm looking for a suitable replacement for Signal.
I swear these Devs haven't listened to the feedback for people with autism / neurodivergency. Removing the toggle to disable this change is unfair for accessibility. The black instead of grey (Dark setting) is horrible contrast for eyes, plus now it forces a swipe to reply which I have no use for and accidentally trigger. I don't need to see large activity icons of people I generally don't talk to. Things have been buggy, like search. Returning to a DM often loads it several messages up. Etc.
Service is poor
So here is my review of this app IT SUCKS if I could give it 100 negative stars I would SOO many problems with it when somebody tried to call me the ringtone went off I went to pick up the phone and it said MISSED CALL. My friend called 3 more times and it still happened The other day when I was calling my doctor to make a appointment you have to press 3 to make a appointment I press 3 and the voice operator tells me "I'm sorry I'm not understanding what you want"
It's OK. Never receive any notifications when I receive a text. Checked the settings and they're set to on.
Guys I can't swap the cam on video calls on miui 11 on redmi note 5 pro.. But on the developer version it works just fine!
Loving this app
Love it
It works pretty good most of the time.
what a stupid app. i try to register with my phone number i couldn't get the sms code to finish the registration and if i try my email for it ,my accout suddenly disable for what violation? lol i didn't even started yet and then disabled the account? lame.
I am not able to open it on macbook.It always crash down.Even after
I little bit good I guess
Simple and nice
No problems with this app
to many ads and you always have to use Wi-Fi to text which kind of defeats the purpose of getting it. to sum it up it's ass
Was great but havent been able to use last few days yyyy pls help
It's been good so far able to use like phone
I keep getting my messages slow...so, i don't know..
Ain't working on Android phones
This app needs login to be worked on its dumb and dosint work
I used to love this app but now it glitches i tried making a new account and its not loading at all
UI design sucks soo bad i doubt discord has an UI/UX ppl The call buttons need to either he hidden inside a menu or have a confirmation notif before call because omg you picked the worst spot to put it in... And omg discord mobile has the worst connection discord pc is fine but if i try to use mobile... I need to repeatedly exit and enter discord just to update what my friend is saying or for me to actually send my message Notifs are broken
I am on a Lenova Chromebook. I saw that the chat channels weren't appearing, so I signed out. I tried to log back in, but I forgot my password. So, I used a relatively old vertification account to reset my password. After I logged in, my photos took forever to load, for some reason. It seems like my photos only load after I exit the app. Please fix this. It seems to be exclusively happening to the photos I had made before I had logged off.
Having trouble in log in after i re install it , i am from pakistan, i am trying to register my number but its always apear that try with a valid number even i tried it with +92 0 and also without zero but its not registering kindly help me
I never get my call or text notifications. I see when someone has called me after I open the app and I am missing a bunch of calls because of this. It is veryyyy frustrating
Glitches all the time will not let me delete old messages constantly kicking off wifi terrible call quality
have create other ocounts since i dont remember them. Never use outoolk
Been using this app for about 5 years as my only or primary phone & also as a 2nd or back up line. Around a strong WiFi connection it usually functions just fine. It is absolutely free but the adds are constant & very annoying.
The base functionality works, which is the bare minimum you would expect from an app. That's why this isn't 1 star. The UI changes at random and for the worse, you can't do some things on mobile, and scaling occasionally breaks. All the while, Discord pushes their monetization onto us more and more aggressively. The most recent UI change is ridiculous and it's a sign of a serious failure that it made it to production.
It is a shame that you allow ads on here it takes a good minute to get through all the ads just to dial out or text, what if there was an emergency am i going to have to watch ads in case of emergency
Please try make a lite version that just takes up minimum space, I have to remove all my apps and media just to download Discord in which results it still doesn't download 😭
Hard to earn points this is the time most in theses days that we needed it must.
People know it's text now...
Mobile app works great but for some reason I can not use my ear buds anymore. There is no settings anymore for where my audio will play through.
App works but becoming not worth it when you get spam calls from new numbers everyday i have over 60 numbers blocked since using textnow!!
The app has a glitch. It works well at first but then it doesn't allow you to make out going calls whether they're user to user or you're using a Skype number. Sad really.
It won't let me send or revive messages... what good is an app if it doesn't work?
With new version you can't perform searches within a conversation, they won't allow you to send files, only photos. On the top of that and as usual with Skype you keep missing conversations cos it won't send you notifications on time. Also you are not able to delete your call history. It's just a good looking beta version
ever since the latest update my video hardly ever works. i don't ever get any incoming video from people I'm in a call with. I've restarted the app, I've restarted my phone. uninstalled and reinstalled. I've cleared cache and everything. what's going on discord?? that's the biggest issue I'm having in a long line of other issues
It's so slow
I like apples that's what I think.....
Solid and safe for communication in the Middle East is a blessing.
The only problem that I have now is. After recently ordering a SIM card that eventually arrived just not at the expected designated time. However, besides that the official main problem is getting the SIM card to be fully activated is the difficult challenge that's currently on going at the moment,
Was awesome until the ads started taking up half the screen.
It ok theres some thing I would change with the functions and lack of funtions
I love it I'm glad you did took now and been good to me I love it
They need to make it so that when a person is blocked they cannot interact with you. Discord enables stalkers, bullies, etc. It's a cesspool of toxicity and there is no way to regulate who you do and don't interact with. A social media site cannot exist without a "block" feature, but the one on Discord is very weak since it doesn't "really" block anyone. Seems they did just enough to meet the minimum requirements and that's it. Disabled and deleted account. Going to delete the app as well.
It's great for group text, especially to keep in touch with our kids sports teams. The one thing I don't like is not being able to erase old groups. I can archive them but it still appears on my feed. I currently have 2 active groups but show over 15 old groups every time I open the app.
Great app for text and voice clip messaging. Do video chat with my niece and nephews and really like how easy it is to use. Used on several different phones over the years with no issues.
Decent messaging app. Biggest frustration is the reliability of getting notifications consistently.
Network Failed occurs regularly instead of there is nothing wrong with my network.
I was in chat box to see about getting help with a password reset and whomever I was chatting to just decided to be rude cut me off and end chat. I used this app no problems , lots of ads but i paid to remove them and keep my number... I lost my number and there is no way to get it back since the chat was ended and I couldn't finish what I was typing... Textnow you lost a customer a very unhappy customer with rudeness and no answer reply to help me at all!
so far so good but mostly tired of being bugged to rate it 😂😂😂😂😂
Haven't needed it yet, but its good that its there.
Gotta be real this last update is not it. The ui and layout is bad and when I open the app I get flung around onto messages or messages to servers. Miss the old interface
Since the big update, switching between channels often doesn't work. The app will just show you the title of the channel you selected, but the messages from the previous channel. I've also experienced attempts to back out of a channel instead leading to an outdated version of the same channel, with the last few minutes of messages missing.
Discord + Twitter = Success
The app is good, but it keeps crashing every 30 seconds.
No sense downloading off anything if it isn't gonna load. Am tired of random pop up ads etc not just text now. Who keep getting bullied etc. All apps are lies. Fakes etc
I met someone who wants to communicate with this app... So I install it only to be told that my account is flagged for violation stuff. I never had one...my first time even hearing about the app. So I try to go through the appeal that's handily an option and can't because I can't answer any questions provided because I never had an account. Didn't make sense to me either...
Sometimes buggy and not able to debug itself
Text free should be changed to callfree
Skype refuses my VISA card while charging for subscriptions. And every attempt to add additional MC or VISA card has failed with errors. So I unable to use it anymore. Great job. You've lost one more customer.
It works when I need it, thank you very much.
This new update is trash. My emoticons are now translated into emojis. The font is even smaller than what it was, you added unnecessary stuff that wasn't needed. You're trying to make the mobile app look like a PC when it's a MOBILE APP. Why do I need to load messages? Scrolling up was just fine with me, and when I long press stuff, I don't get a buzz to let me know that I've long pressed it. Everything is switched around when it shouldn't be. Put it back. You're making it complicated for nuthin
My experience in this game its ok, but the game needs many improvements such as rss need it to build and research anything to expensive, time for building takes forever, developers needs to stop messing with heroes powers and troops is powers as well, castle protection is very poor we need better shields 🛡 3 day or more days if possible!!!!
Solid UI, quite responsive. The limitation to one phone per account is my only complaint.
old version was better. in the new version, it give some glitch and sometimes it crush
The new layout is super clunky and horrible. It makes everything incredibly complicated to use.
Good app, bit buggy, lags sometimes with bad connections, but overall a good app. Better then textnow for sure.
I open the app but they want $10 D
Its ok I think the only issue i have is sending pictures. Sometimes they don't get sent fully,it'll be cut off or cropped. Also sometimes I'm unable to send text messages it says unable to send to that number when I've messaged them before.
EnFlick and TextNow, are known identity thieves, who could care less about stealing, my phone number, I've reported them to several places, never use this, period, mostly sexual offenders, who can't own a cell phone and pedophiles, use this app, in my experience, and when the cops show up, they blamed me,...my identity has been reported several times,I've never used this App, nor do I ever intent too, garbage people use this.
Discord before update was good, it wasn't an example of application performance optimization but easy to use and clear. Now that has changed. New Discord update delivered to us an new UI which I think is nice but terribly unintuitive. The UI takes some getting use to but I hope discord will fix sluggish application performance.
not free
The app is real glitchy
I'd give it a 5 but I still haven't figured everything out yet. So far so great app though.
Sloooow ! After you hit accept , it say registering for to long
The TextNow: Free calling with no paid features is about two stars in my opinion because the calls returned most arent valid for VOIP calls which tie the line. Maybe thats what the app even warns against but that just makes a call center have to call on settings above a standard rate I believe. Paid version: Havent tried this version but i dont think it would help me really..
Love the new update! I have been waiting for this, looking forward to other new updates!!!
Make calls free
Got the app when I was going back and forth to Santa Rosa I'm in the Sf bay. It's worked a lot of magic. No problems until more recently it has crashed and it didn't send me notifications that I was denied
Great 👍🏾
The new layout is disgusting
It's a good app very simple to set and easy to use very Happy 😊
Good App.
You what would be nice. The ability pin messages in personal chats add this feature please
Great application for communication. If you have any privacy concerns.
Worked fine/good before the hostile mobile update. It's hard to navigate and I've had nothing but problems since it was downloaded. Bug after Bug, issue after issue and it seems to have stemmed from this update since I have a very new and high quality phone. I don't get what happened.
I GIVE IT A 4 STAR BECAUSE IT SO HARD TO LOGIN
The biggest shortcoming is the necessity of a US phone number. The mobile apps are OK, web version is unintuitive. I switched to Discord for everything I was using groupme for and I am SO MUCH HAPPIER. Good luck groupme, you need it.
The app works as advertised. However, it is a battery and data hog.  Over 500mb of data in three weeks for texting only. And that's only when I am not on wifi which is most of the time. And after an hour or so if use I need to recharge my phone. I think you need to do something about that.
Good for a little but it glitched and tu don't get it text for like 12 hours
It's cute
I use yo use this app all the time it actually has changed for the worse. More adds makes you watch videos for more minutes. I switched to textme which is truly free. You can text as much as you want and call as much as you want. Want a better app? Go there.
you cant delete old conversations that sucks
i was used to left swiping on a server to see the active members list but now it just replies to a text and tapping the channel header doesn't feel right to see the list. There are a few more issues like you guys have merged the activity window and online friends list, earlier it was much more easier to see who was online in a vertical scroll (with names) instead of horizontal scroll (with just their profile pictures now).
great app. but can you make it to where we can edit comments
I wish I could delete groups that are no longer active
Thank U's , U's are great ! 😊👍👋
Skype generally runs well on my tablet with no arguments, how ever on my Samsung Galaxy s 8, I never receive any notifications unless someone calls me, and after 3 minutes of a video call my phone shuts off with a warning on screen (which I've never seen before ) simply saying the temperature is to high, this is the first app that turned my phone into a hot plate.
Identified bug
Just use Facebook... It is so hard to follow a string of messages and I'm sick of downloading all these apps when Facebook works just fine and most times better.
I can't make a call .. after few seconds call drop automatically .. i have been using skype for several years this is the first time it's happening .. please fix this so that i cam give it a 5 star
No sms anymore just pass.
I love the flexibility of this app for communicating with groups plus dm's with individuals within the groups.
Its amazing overall BUT. Once i stoped the x button was frozen there (which caused it for that my bottem letters i couldnt press it ) and i had to deleted it reinstall it
Loved the app, but I heard the latest update made awful changes to the ui like the location of dms and a swipe to reply function as well as changing the search system. Put it back. We don't use discord for it to be like other apps. The search system was perfect. The swipe to reply is annoying and frustrating. Why would you do this? It sucks. Put it back.
AMOLED mode isn't working. App generally isn't very well optimised for Android
Great apps
Now, randomly, Discord is sending me to Chrome when I click on a Twitch link instead of opening the Twitch app. Smh. It's also pretty slow to load sometimes.
See this Muslim power 😡😡
It's decent
i've used discord for years and always thought the ui was quite good. the new mobile ui is pretty bad. it just feels so restrictive and cumbersome
Last resort. Ads everywhere, confusing.
Amazing app, love it so much!
I use this app mainly for group texts and have noticed a few times that I missed some of the messages.  In addition the app constantly shows I have new messages but then they don't show in the app or even when using the desktop version.
Force stops waaaaaay tooo much!!!! And it doesn't save the typed text so u gotta writeEVERYTHING over, very frustrating!
Text free
Well as far as being badass cause no cell phone service yeah but I can't ever hear the people in calling texting mint!calling nay
Currently having an issue where images saved become 0 byte files after a little bit.
Best alternative to WhatsApp Also this app has end to end encryption
The advantage is that you can remove or mute anyon
Most recent update causes the app to frequently crash. (Samsung s21 ultra). Usually my favourite messaging app, will give 5 stars once issue is resolved.
a little blurry, sound was good
Good way to send large group messages
I have been happy with the app right up until the point they said they were going to discontinue SMS support. I don't have enough contacts that use signal to justify keeping it and using a second app just for SMS. Especially since the people I do know that use it will be discontinuing it as well.
I like this app very much. It's better than any other apps
This app is pretty great, but recent updates have so many annoying pop up messages now, so lost a star. App does nothing to investigate hate speech. Lost another two stars.
The new UI genuinely makes discord harder to use. It comes with a tonne of new issues like the chat scrolling up 20 messages, so you have to scroll down every time you click off a dm.
I couldnt even get on...todally getting ride of this app..
Great apps experience for consolidate with another players...
A little annoyed at the amount of unsolicited requests for joining, coming from around world. And now people piggybacking on your carrier waves. That's life
EXPERIENCE GOOD BUT PLEASE GIVE THE OLD LAYOUT BACK 🙏🙏
Laggy to the point it is impossible to make calls
Unable to sign up.
Idk what happened but it suddenly won't let me join any calls in every server that I have. I can't even use my nitro properly because the emojis are not available and not popping out even tho I'm using nitro. Disappointing because this is the first time that I encountered problem with this app for 3-4 years I'm using it.
Love it. Great communication
Its okay. Mostly intuitive.
i cant sign in or make a new one with my email. i have sent an email to support and its been 3 days and still no reply.
Apparently you can't send or receive pictures
Horrible audio quality. Always thinking someone speaking is background noise. Massive drain on phone performance.
I've loved this app but device linking isn't working on my galaxy a23
The most recent update to the App has made it load slower, function more poorly (laggy, losing messages), and much less user friendly. Definitely not a fan of it anymore.
Use to be good but now it will no longer function as a message app. Terrible choice on companies end.
I have been unable to log in. I tries the password reminder via email and still no luck. FIX IT PLZ
I love it but can I have a video chat option forever?
SMS support removed. Better to have clearly defined to user base when sms being used or secure encrypted messages than to remove functionality and versatility. Have mostly stopped using signal for this reason.
I really enjoyed Discord for simple used
This is a very good communication app and I really like it BUT whenever I'm on a call with one of my friends and I go in ANY GAME, discord will just disconect me from the call. And when I try to rejoin it my screen gets glitched like I'm on a computer. I'm on mobile btw but please fix this error :]
I only use it for work chat but it has been easy to use so far
very good app . I love it
Hard to open at first
It would be really great if your BLOCKING feature actually BLOCKED people. It's absolutely ridiculous to have a block that just "hides" the blocked person's server comments, and keeps them from trying to message or add you as a friend. Block means BLOCK, zero interaction, they can't read my server, etc. Creat a REAL blocking feature.
Saw furry p*rn 7.5/10
I can't click reply or something. More worse than before. Why you can't return to old version? I like that old version. Sorry i don't like this recent version. It's really uncomfortable. Can u fix that?
You are the best soap
Bad connection
Upto now still learning to use it.
In theory a great idea. It's hard to get a phone number. Unless you are sitting next to your wifi router your calls cut out. Incoming calls freeze your phone. The ads freeze. Texts don't send. Okay in an emergency. Nothing else.
Never get any response from anybody. Messages don't seem to get delivered from me to them Useless app
Discord is a very good social platform for gamers and runs smoothly on pc but then you start using it on your phone, you will immediately encounter glitches which completely forces you having to restart the app several times
The video calling is not working properly. I cannot see the other person even when our cams are both open. This has been happening for weeks now. Are you not aware of the problem? Maybe you don't use your own app, that's why you don't know.
last update destroyed mobile discord. it lags AWFUL when i open it. it looks like a copy of snapchat, absolutely disgusting. go back to the older stuff! this is just worse!
Just Perfect App
Reject sign up
This app used to be good but idk what happened but it's not working now. I sign up and make account but like not even 24 hrs after I login and make the account and stuff it says that my account had been disabled but I didn't even do anything I like texted one person and didn't do anyone wrong. I have made like 2 or 3 accounts just to use this app but it always disabled them.
You have to have internet for this to work...
Nce
Many times its wrk very slowly ...it takes too much time to deliver msg...most of the time its server is down...plz improve this problems
Freezes. Lags.  Force closes. Closes when texting. Other than that cool app. Please fix
I continue to have an issue with the app being unable to look up my contacts. I have to go into my Google contacts and then cut and paste the # into TextNow dialer, which then displays the name of the contact! But the app wasn't able to find it via search. I don't understand what this glitch is. Otherwise I like the app but would like the option to archive conversations.
(Reduced 3 to 2) Bring back swiping from the right in a server chat showing who is online and we will all be ok. (Reduced 5 to 3) review update: Recent update made the app slower and less intuitive. Thought I would be used to it but now but it just seems like a step backwards. Original Review:The best communication / collaboration app I have used to date. Accommodations features for both beginners and advanced users.
This would have a 5+ star rating (an excellent social app) until the newest update eliminated my "friends" list. Now I am unable to get in touch with any of them. 😫😥😭 Please bring it back intact! 🙏
I just have one person on this app so I use it.
Why must I wertefi my email before I can use my discord
I have supported signal for years now, and I wish I could take it back, the money and the support. This app is gone totally off the rails, and is destined for the garbage heap. Sms support was an integral feature and you truly have nothing left.
you guys need to make it easier to change your number! We had people that were in a groups with myself and my wife, that had a ton of trouble bacause they changed phone carriers. it has been a process getting people back in the mix of things, given it's not to hard, but its all through email and tech support. plus you need someone who has a good understanding on how to troubleshoot these types of issues, or you will be struggling for a while.
Really cool app sends and receives texts and calls works fine
it was working great for a while, but then it gave me an error saying that there was an issue with my account
so laggy since the most recent update and it barely lets me send messages anymore i only gave u two stars because i can still talk to my friends all of the sounds are annoying to especially when your calling someone
too many ads
It doesn't let us send pictures and vids anymore. It just says "failed to send message" everytime.
Just like everyone else the new UI is bad and confusing. Please revert it back this was a mistake and you know it. Cant even see who's online anymore.
Not every good reception and hard to massage and gose offline 90% of time
pls change the pleading emoji back for the love of literally everything it looks horrendous now I'm begging u 💀
Love using the app, but even when the option is chosen, the app no longer puts voice audio through Bluetooth headphones. App sounds like disconnect and connect are through headphones, but not people's voices. Disappointing
I love the app but i keep getting into servers although i never got invitations or never accepted
Good extra text app to have. I like this better than other ones. Does as described
I'm enjoying with this apk.
Each time I spend several moments texting some rather important information, an advertisement adruptly and rudly interrupted my texting andy message was completely LOST...it pisses me off
THIS APP SOMEHOW WON'T INSTALL? WHAT IS THE PROBLEM? PLEASE HELP PATRICIA WALKER (PDUB)
Pin... Which is being sent to my old number. Yeah, very secure. Add that to
TextNow provides me with the peace of mind, privacy, and security that I will always have an anonymous phone number wherever I go.
The app is cool, it does what it's supposed to do but I really wish that you could delete old conversations and not just hide them.
i thought this would be an alternative to my phone blowing up all day with business calls and friends. thought i could just silence the calls in the evening but cant, So, i tried to cancel the subscription and the directions say i can cancel it at any time, but there is no place to cancel it in the app. I even went to my subscriptions on the play store and its not listed there, as the support says it is. Therefore, there is no way to cancel the subscription and the support is terrible!!!!! The best I can hope for is to delete the app from my phone and hope the account just fades away!!!!!!!! I didn't even want to give it 1 star but accidently hit it!!!
Please put the search bar for all servers and topics again please
Uaed to be good, now it's just a buggy mess
Get rid of this stank layout no one likes it and it's fr making me annoyed to even open the app anymore. Only writing this cus they haven't reverted it yet and it's been too long already. EDIT: Their response to all these bad reviews giving us a guide to understand the layout is just making me more mad lol. Dawg we understand it, it's bad and we don't like it. Change it back.
this app is a scam, I purchased 100 minutes for $1.99 and it didn't register but still charged the amount. Do not download this app. Thank you for your time.
Randomly stopped responding 2 days ago ,I sent a report but nothing happened, please fix this.
Have constant issues posting pictures and loading my messages. I have an One Plus 7 Plus phone.
I. Will. Like. Your. App
I literally could not "LIVE" without this APP.
I can't seem to delete my messages .
Its been a real usedul secondary app!
Texting is good.
Everytime I would try to make a call on this app. It's either the call would drop or the other caller can't hear anything.
Used to be great, now it's terrible. Not even with UI stuff it crashes constantly and was working perfectly fine for a while.
I have used this app for many years. In the past it helped me extremely, with jobs and to communicate with family. Recently it has been the opposite! I do not receive notifications of calls or texts for minutes, sometimes as long as hours later. Yes I have my notifications in the app , and my device on. Now, with this app once I have dialed a number, and am prompted to use the dial pad, the tone of the number stays stuck on the sound until I disconnect. 😔..
needs to be able to delete and edit messages
New UI is really bad. Please give option to change it back to old UI.
Dazai and Sigma had the best sex ever.
I've been using discord for two years now and the new update has so many glitches. I can't see so many servers and people's profile pictures. I automatically get disconnected a lot of times. The new update is so disappointing.
It's fun to mess around with when you're bored.
Simple and intuitive to use!
Daily conversations and video with my daughter in the UK help me feel that she's nearby, only a call away. Love this app
The recent update can't let me see the channels other than the last visited channel in a server please help
The app seems to work correctly for the most part part. It does miss notifications here and there but that might be the process getting killed in the background. My biggest complaint is that across multiple devices and different Android versions GroupMe will not obey the snooze notifications feature. I have tried to snooze multiple notification categories and still the app will not comply. Is this a known big and is there a fix for this?
Sometimes I do not get all the image and pictures that are sent to messages.
Great for talking with friends, the polls are great, the GUI slaps, I love it.
Phone number is required, and seems to be visible to everyone you message. For a private messaging service, that's pretty bad privacy.
Super good I've this app
I've been enjoying using this app. It was new to me and a friend recommended it. It's been great so far. Can even make phone calls and video calls from it.
This app is everything I want....
It closes on you during a call
The worst calls that I've ever experienced with any call app
Bad call quality and dropped calls, even with excellent wifi.
Way too many ads sometimes it would not let me call one person but let me call another person so that's why I give a three star you need they need to get rid of a lot of them ads too many way too many
Dont really love the ads
Overall the app is great, but the new updates 2.0 and beyond look absolutely horrendous on mobile. That and the moderation team isn't really consistent with bans, appeals, reports, what have you. Fortunately I'm on Android so I can at least solve the first issue by using an earlier version.
The app is ok but doesn't allow u too sms certain groups while not others our to silence selected groups!
Been updated several times but still it gave NO SOUND NOTIFICATION
Next level gaming communication app
Was a great one to one experience with the web version but for some reason they decided to nuke the mobile design and make the performance and experience awful.
Without SMS support, you might as well just use Wickr or Briar and get better encryption.
Always my go to secondary line for my side hustle as u don't have to be completely tied too the phone number just in case
Great app. Been using it for years
Very Good
Nothing special!!!
App was fine, then the static started. Deleted the app and reinstalled it.. to receive a message 'denied by abuse detector' . It's ok. Deleted!!
Easy to use to keep in touch with group members. Only complaint is can't delete spam messages f er I'm notifications.
There should be a way to search within a conversation as far back as you need to look. The lack of this feature is annoying.
I don't like how some videos that are sent to me end up not working. It will say 'media no longer available' but the people who send me videos say that they haven't deleted anything and my disappearing messages option isn't on. It's frustrating because this is the only way I keep in touch with some loved ones.
the texting portion is for the most part reliable. Making a phone call is a bit more elusive than anticipated.
Horrible other servers don't have mods and they banned me because they thought I was a child because my nephew hopped on
Its aggravating that it keeps logging out every minute and I updated it thinking that's the problem but its still messing up
Perfect app to ignore life with.
I have Android Pie. I change the notification sound in Android. It looks like the sound is changed. However the stock notification keeps sounding. All of my other apps let me change the notification sound except Skype. Why? This is a huge bug that must be fixed. Thank you.
Needs to come with more mins.
You need to pay to get verification codes:l. EDIT: don't act like it's for the users benefit. You know what your doing, you had to specially code it into your app to check for a verification code and block them. It's a money move, not you watching out for the users. Now I'm even more mad you replied like that. We know the numbers are temporary, that's the point.
This is the most amazing app. I bought my phone number to secure it. And for $4 I have free unlimited texting and calling. It's 2018 there is probably free wifi every block. This app is a money saver and reliable Update: I got a new phone and it won't let me log in, or create a new account so... I don't really know what they expect me to do.
I'm happy with TextNow not until they offered a sim that they're claiming to be free but we have to pay $5.00. I paid for 1, it never came then I moved to a different city, again, I paid for another one and that transaction was on March, it's been 3 months now but no sim card was received.. my husband did the same thing, order , pay , and wait forever.. are you guys a scam?????!!!!
Showing Only Registration failed.
New UI is buggy as all get out. I try to switch between channels and servers and stay in the one I'm in constantly requiring an app restart which doesn't really solve the issue. Also, I don't need swipe left to reply, I do want swipe left to see who's online in my server.
Worst update ever bring back the old ui
It had a user-friendly navigation before, but now it takes extra unnecessary steps to go from a server to personal chats and vice versa. It also takes much longer time to load!!!!
It logs me out automatically and kept saying I violated there rules
Its great and all but i says it has a bug and i cant send a video
Can rarely call out and no matter how many service bars I have, I can't hear the other person. Texting is the best you're gonna get
This all is excellent but I just fell like thy should be link to add people up like link j can post on ur status and people with click on it and get ur number
Does everything it's supposed to do, and only goes down like twice a month. Solid.
It locks up every now n then.
No Privacy
Great for school trips and band
It has been quite useful, and easy to use.
Great app, does everything I need it too except handling regular txt and MMS.
Great for gaming/streaming and hanging out with friends
I can't leave groups. I keep getting an error to try again later.
I enjoyed the app let's me talk to people with out using my phone number
Having alot of problems with connecting calls. Alot of times can't make any calls at all. Now don't have a screen for the app..... Help....
Statuses (invisible, busy etc.) are back, that's good. Still don't like the themes though. Maybe add a "simple" theme? (for 2 more 🌟)
Don't bother paying for it. I paid the 9.99...got a sim card ..the only thing it does is get rid of he ads ...the actual service does not work unless there is wifi....so no point in paying for anything because it doesn't work. Just use the free version.
Simple way to keep in touch with small groups privately
Works pretty good but sometimes they can't hear me when I call.
The new mobile interface is quite terrible, noticably slower than the previous interface while being obtuse to operate, with no option at all to continue using the old interface Meanwhile discord themselves have shown they would rather help someone cancel their nitro subscription over the new interface than to bring back the old interface
It's kind of slow....
Ever since you updated the theme. My skype has stopped working. Very poor service
Since update can't call out won't connect acts like it's going to then nothing..Be in middle of conversation and the call will drop ugh annoying when it's a very important call.
This is a great app. The app has bug but not alot.
The new mobile UI is just awful when compared to what it was before. It is far more difficult to navigate especially DMs being put in a completely separate area to the servers easily the worst change to the UI.
Good, but often buggy.
Omgggg can you fix this pleaseee :(
Cool app, I'm new to using it. Will leave a more detailed review after I have used it a few more weeks.
It has its ups and downs but over all it works good the main problem a reacuring one is 7 out of ten calls it flat out will not let you answer but most of the time you can call them back
Microsoft has gone out of its why to make Skype so user unfriendly one would have thought it was an original product. No buttons or logic to the lay out or clean line not straightforward design as a punishment for people buying iPods instead of Zunes.
Been using this on & off for several years it's a koo app for texting calls not too much unless you buy the number they changed it from back in the day
I paid for minutes and can't even use it cause it can't get a signal even though I'm in the house on WiFi, never waste my money again
I would give it 0 stars if I could!
Doesn't update pictures and group names and nicknames on time even when my phone has several gigs of free data
Usually the app is really good, but since the new update, I haven't been getting messages or notifications on time, and chats have been loading strangely! Please fix this :(
Have been a big Signal fan and user for many years. Loved the ability to fall back on SMS if friends or family didn't want to use the app. Now with that functionality being removed, I have no use for it. Back to Google Messages I go, I guess.
Sick mate
introduced cortana without permission. app bug on google nexus7 screen image mini pic remains on screen.
texting is fine. when I call someone, they cant hear me but I can hear them. not happy about that. will probably delete app if no response from support.
Would not install for 1 hour
Love this app it makes it very easy to talk to my friends but I wish less things were locked behind a nitro pay wall but overall good communication app 😁👍
I'm going to the store and
Just love this app
It works for me.
This app is useful,but I can't send video
The app as a whole is great and I've been using it for years. However the audio quality for Android users is abysmal. I can go to any other app and I'm heard crystal clear and loud. However on discord... muffled, soft, quiet and they have ti crank up their volumes. What is up? It's not a settings issue either, I have tinkered with every available option and it makes no difference. Fix this
I'm not able to download this app TT
It's a good app. I like how it runs and stuff, but my only problem with it is its very laggy when u opened it one night it froze my phone for 5 minutes then when I went back in it all my texts were gone. I wish it was less laggy, and that nitro was worth what I paid for. It's cool, but it's not worth what I paid for it
Overall good app for a group of chosen people. It does what it suppose to do. No real issues.
All I can say for now is that I goofed and installed it on the wrong phone. Couldn't find an option to change phones or close my account. The best I can do is uninstall and start over with the other phone. Won't be able to give a proper review until after that.
I simply love this app
Not real good well it's glitchy it freezes and my phone number was gone I can hardly hear my friends when I was in a call fid this please I don't like when it took my phone number and I wanted to talk t my friend from the UK and it would not let me bad app in response not a enough call time either I suggest not to get this app big no no🖓🖓🖓🖓🖓
This new UI took away the discord charm. Feels soulless and corporate now.
Tried to verify my account and the app tried to charge me $10 a month
Helps me keep in touch with friends
App closes in middle of writing text messages alot. Sometimes calls don't ring or even show I'm getting a call. Glitchy
Not helpful at all
I like this app, as it allows longer videos and several pics to be sent. Thank you.
This app is clunky and frustrating. I had to use the mobile version today while I repair my laptop. It was a nightmare. The layout is an unintuitive mess, I wanted to see the chat while we talked but I couldn't find it, is it an option? I don't know. If you rotate your phone the app loses its damn mind, becomes sluggish, things appear and disappear randomly. Honestly, pulling teeth out of my head would have been preferable.
Does this app let you talk and text without wifi???
This app is a great source to connect as group.
Great service, just sucks that they got rid of SMS/MMS support.
Calls are not going through
Great way to keep in touch with my siblings but I am having difficulty getting everything to transfer to my new phone and phone number
App worked ok for a while, always had issues sending photos. Now I constantly get failed messages and pictures that won't send. On a Pixel 7 Pro with vanilla Android 13 OS.
Good app for video conferencing and consumes less internet as compared to other video conferencing apps but a major disadvantage is that anyone can remove anyone during call and distract the meeting(especially when the host is removed). I request you to disable that function and i would be grateful to you if you do this.
Great features
I ABSOLUTELY HATE THE NEW LAYOUT FOR MOBILE! CHANGE IT BACK - Autistic person who hates change.
Very good 👍😊 thanks
I love the app, but they don't give somebody number fast
Discord is broken on my phone lately. I love discord but my messages haven't been sending and my DM with my BFF are all of the channels in every server! I can't see anything going on anywhere. Discord fix it!!! 😢
Wont install
Good chance to check out this
Not to sure about the acual number given to me if it works yet.
Maybe just give us an option for SMS or improve your mediocre UX around unencrypted messages instead of treating your users like complete idiots and splitting the userbase.
Easy to use similar to WhatsApp..
COERCING people to use this more than they wish. Ie use it every few days or lose it.... feels like abuse. I use this app to help low income clients rebuild basic needs. Already lost one number. That is no small disruption to maintaining a support network. I'm not much help if I keep recommend apps that stress them instead of serve them. Should I randomly contact them just because you want me to see more ads? An app is not free is not enslaves.
It's a great app.
App keeps gliching and starts a call then hangs up without completing call
Trust worthy keep updating and improve video call quality
The app is overall good. But it hangs too much.
Good for texting but does not give notifications when messages are received
Unnecessary update to UI
This is the most user-unfriendly app I've ever worked with. Ever. Ever.
Used it for years. Keep cometh back
I love this app it is the only one that I can use to talk on the phone, send a text or pictures to my baby sister in Colorado. A good signal.
This is a great app supoorted across most popular platforms. I've run into occassional problems where updates broke previously operable features, but when it's working right, both voice and video quality are great.
Works 50/50 but I can't pay my phone bill so can't complain.
Can't make calls or send texts since earlier. I uninstalled it and then installed it again. Worked a whole minute then nothing. It's too much work for nothing!!
Everytime is not working good and video calling are gonna damn scrathes i really dont like this now before it was working very good you deserve zero star
Good for Me stop people from following you, around,just don't take pictures around appliances, because you can here when people are stalking you around, like so call family,that's my stalker's
Does not allow me to tag all users in my group.
I tried countless number of times but I couldn't get any number
It keeps glitching at the signin.
the new update is seriously awful
I really hate this design version please bring back the ole one
Good service!!!  Just don't like having to watch videos to earn minutes..or have to sign up with offers that take you to different websites that have nothing to do with the original offer!!!!
Will not let me do anything
This is the best chatting app I have ever used tbh
It sucks, I went to the login and I put my phone number...It didn't work, I put my username...Didn't work, and I did my email and that didn't work either. I don't know why this app won't let me login, but it could at least let you login with the right info, it says invalid when I literaly put my correct information in. I hate it, and I think it should work on it's sighing in part.
Really not enjoying the layout and UI, please revert some changes
Giving it a 5 star just because it collects NO USER DATA and no intrusive ads.❤ But if that changes, I will be back to change my rating as well.👍🏽
Super great app, until they decided to put in a new, horrible, extremely glitchy UI in the mobile version. Love how the app just starts calls now and is super annoying to go through. Other than that, the app is actually pretty useful, so I'll just cope with it.
Improvement. Still confusing to use when trying to make a straight call. Too hidden to find the dialer. Not sure when I'm calling a contact if it's calling as a phone for Skype call which is different
Works better them most apps
App displays emotes, names and text oddly quite frequently now.
Taking a long time to download
I tried logging in but the code is not working
Great App - Keep Up The Good Work
Samsung Galaxy S10 user and trying to use the app to join voice channels is cancerous. Bluetooth headset connects for a few minutes and then microphone stops working and the app uses my regular call speaker for output even while having the Bluetooth selected. Absolutely unusable for voice.
there is no web version to link it except for that all good ,
No facility of video calling in my app. Why?
Great for family use and easy to use
Thanks Signal For Make Communicate With Peoples Around The World Through Multiple Ways Very easily.
I use group chat A LOT and it really bugs me how u cant tell whos who and if you dont start the ng roup chat it dosnt show up, like my friends will make 1 and every time somebody says something on it it will just show up n our convo with just us. Also in my singular convo's my message will take 10 mins to load if i wasnt already in the convo.
well for those of us who are broke amd dont understand how things work it is helpful for simple connectivity. but i dont like the conflicts and apparent pushing the risk around capabilities that keep me scared of those i love n downright uneasy every other time
About 2 weeks it was perfect, But now App is getting hanged after 5 seconds. I thought updation will change the problem. Even then same happens. Except skype, rest of the apps in my phone are in good condition.
So far I am not at all impressed with this app. I can't make calls because it drops them and it can take hours for a text to go through! Some times I don't get notified of any messages I might be getting ? It's a very 👍 nice idea but so far it's not all that great !
I love this app ! It's clean, quick and beautiful ! And secure !!
The new layout sucks. It's extremely unfriendly to users and runs even WORSE. Messages never send and it constantly takes you to a random point of messages you've already seen instead of the newest ones.
They Removed SMS. Nice app, but I can not convince all my friends to install this specific message app so back to pure SMS it is. I liked the app but it was the merging with SMS that gave it value to me.
This is an amazing App! I love it although I don't like the fact we have to buy nitro it's so expensive! Maybe there could be some event or something where discord send us nitro!
The call clarity is perfect. However, the rate for out calls is extremely high. Though it says just 27 JPY per minute (with connection fee of 10 JPY), it costs around 100 JPY per minute.
If you let me make a call for free please don't cut that call at the 5 minute mark without significant prior warning before I even make the call. Terrible experience.
Well I was able to confirm a lot of people identities not to be who their profiles portray so I'm using the toll to catch scammers con artists and a numerous reminders of fake profiles and hackers that are coming out of Hades in Indonesia so thank you for the ability to expose the truth to these other countries exploiting American men God bless America
I love the app. Its amazing.
Very nice and good
Does not work for making and receiving calls no one can hear me it glitches even with good internet all my friends with this app have the same problem. It's so slow when opening the app. It works for texting though sometimes I receive the text late idk why.
It's my go to texting app, and it's useful to meet up with people with similar interests. But I'm having trouble saving images all the time and calls almost never work as they should. I have problems flipping the camera and connecting audio.
App is not working well since last updation. That's why I am giving single star.
Get rid of the stupid small screen when i play discord games on my phone its pointless, and the games would load on that amall screen which would take me mulitple attempts of exiting and reloading the screen, it sounds like a simple fix but its been an issue for a while now, get it together
Usually I'd give 5 stars, but recently yall are showing me I'm receiving texts, and I know that I am, but when I go to my app, it won't show me anything new. Updated the app, my phone, and restarted everything! And it's still not working...and ideas from the developers? Will happily update my review to 5 stars once this issue is fixed. Love the app. Dont mind the adds
This is a great way to connect as a group.
It's nice
Good but slow and alot of ads
after install time was set, but when I've moved time zone isn't updated. Can't understand how update time zone manually. As result re-install app. Fix this problem.
When someone sends me a message from another messaging app and they have the Signal app installed, my reply goes to their Signal app, instead of the originating message app. Many people don't have Signal selected as a default app and if they also have notifications turned off, my replies are never seen, because they don't return to original sending app. This is extremely frustrating, and unfortunately people are not aware that Signal preferences Signal, rather than the originating messaging app.
Edit: I'm still being charged. I've tried to find the "cancel my subscription" it says it is in my account info. It's not there, I have found no way to cancel this App. Stop charging me for services I haven't used in a over a month. It's your fault if someone texts me. I do not respond to anyone. I don't use it I don't need it!....Just sent an email to cancel. I don't need it anymore as I now have my phone back on. I will write a review once I make sure it's canceled and ur not charging my card.
this app works pretty well, it's well thought out and it does provide a backup if your Wi-Fi signal is not strong enough. However do you want it does not give you internet access and the interface really need some work because it's just kind of Dime Store play science fiction, if you know what I mean.
Really not liking the recent UI changes; particularly where I can't swipe left to see the members on the server.
Not as user-friendly as I tough it would be.
New interface is awkward. I liked the old interface. The app never worked right on the folding phones, but somehow its worse now and the buttons and text are unclickable behind the task and status bar on my fold4, clicking on a dm in full screen literally does nothing until i resize or open and close, but then text doesn't wrap and I can't send what I wrote. Can I go back? -- UPDATE somehow it went back thank you so much. I've been a nitro subscriber for a hot moment, i will continue support. Ty
I love Discord, I really do, it's my main way of communicating with so many people in my life, but I absolutely cannot tolerate this new UI. There was nothing wrong with the old one, and the new hot bar at the bottom is painfully unintuitive. Before, I could just swipe to see all the information I needed at a glance, and navigating things like settings and my friends list and DMs was incredibly simple. I just want the old layout back. Maybe an Old Dogs setting or something? This is awful
This app was great for many years but in the past year they started sending me messages EVERY SINGLE DAY that says "uh oh, it looks like you haven't used your service in a while, be sure to send a message or make a call to avoid losing your number", even if I had used it in the past 24 hours. If you need a free number for a short time it's OK, otherwise you're in for a super clingy relationship with your phone to make sure you don't lose your number and that's even with purchasing the sim card.
Unfortunately, Signal has recently become one of my most hated apps. It's always been a great app for both iPhone and Android users, but in recently, it's gone downhill. My connection has consistently been awful, so I decided to reinstall the app. Unfortunately, even though I had two backup folders, when I tried to open them, signal some how managed to completely wipe them from my device. Now I have lost thousands of texts that I desperately want back, but there is no hope. I hate you signal.
Creates a lot of copies for almost all of my contacts in my sim with label "Skype to phone". Android 8.1, Flyme 7.1.1.1
I hate having to sign in and it never gives me the code
The ads are terrible. Absolutely horrible. Ridiculous on every level. Not worth paying a subscription fee for this service either. It used to be free or a one time fee, Not recurring monthly payments. That's just absurd. Find another app.
Do You have to use you're real number? Is it safe?
When i first downloaded the app it worked exactly as advertised! I was very pleased. Now, however, im constantly receiving random calls and texts from unknown numbers. It is very annoying not to mention confusing! The app still works fine, once i maneuver around the fake calls/texts, which would have earned the app 4 out of 5 stars. However, if it's possible, id like to see a schedule message option, so i can type a text and set it to send at a specific date/time. Thank you for all the hard work
Froze up to often, to annoying for a simple conversation
I dont get why ads are allowed to block the keyboard for up to 15 seconds . . .
Incredibly buggy. Opening one server often shows a different server's content, and it is difficult or impossible to navigate away. The app must be restarted to view new content. Clearing the cache only briefly fixes this and other issues. This app keeps getting worse.
The one flaw that I see with this app is the sending of photos. I really enjoy being able to communicate with my friends and family, but sometimes I want to send a lot of pictures at once and I can't. Another flaw is that it doesn't notify me when a message comes in until I am in the app. Otherwise it's a good app.
Nitro is a little too expensive though
Some times it stops working while writing messages
new updates completely suck. Actually painful to use now.
It's an great app... So I'll give it 5 stars... And they're so many updates on the app and it's pretty fine
good app, but it dumps my calls every time it shows me an ad. not really worth it for voice calls
Can't have multiple accounts ex. Student and work. Very frustrating. Still having issues and can't call anyone for support
Great way to keep in touch with family..
Worst ever phone app. Stupid controls and secret numbers. Whatsapp or bust.
Would get 4 or 5 but when you're in a call and they tell you to press a number the screen won't cut on
I'm really annoyed that I can't send short video clips. Most messengers allow up to 1 minute of footage - I can even send 10 seconds. Also can't send more than one photo at a time - have to send each one individually. Two huge downfalls.
Needs better support for Android.  I should not have to get on my computer to change the phone number in my account.
App continues to not load any conversations
After a while it kept saying I had network issues when I did not
It sucked u have to pay to keep your number
Good all round app. Easy to use.
It's an okay app, but it has glitches and bugs and when making a phone call it's nearly impossible to hang up, I mean literally you have to turn off and on your phone, but I mean, it's free, and you have to use the number some type of way, either text or call once a week or it will change your phone number.
The 1st person to get ahold of me was a hacker that hacked and took over my daughter's account awhile back! I deleted it. Please make sure all my information was removed from this app. Very disappointed.
I am no longer able to send pictures in a server.
Awesome platform to discuss business activities 📈📉✅
Simple, clean look.
Disappointing i got this app to keep in touch with a few friends. It doesn't load properly, recognize people with groupme nor does it allow others to contact me. in short it's trash.
outbox messages stay there and don't become sent, pc version doesn't have these problems
Too many ads. And the price of the " gently used " phones are really high... they are new phone prices. Other then that this is a great app that ive used for years. And its still the best app of its kind so far that ive found.. if not for adds i would give it a 4
This app on Mobile is sorta useless. Nothing ever works and had 0 attempts to make it better. The only things that you wanted to change on Doscord was how Computers and other devices. But Mobile isn't working right. Please try to resolve this. I dont like seeing "connecting" even though my internet is completely okay.
It's easy to communicate with co workers. It helps stay on top of schedule changes and helps co workers not need you phone number.
No matter how strong the wifi connection is i havent been able to make one successful phone call. The person on the other line can never hear me. Also, ive missed a lot of calls because it doesnt come in that i have an incoming call. Only shows i have a missed call after they hang up
These dummies don't understand plain English. You post a review describing the problem, they respond with useless reply. When trying to scroll up/down, app swipes left/right too easily. Frustrating to use.
New mobile layout sucks. Search functionality was changed for no reason, button placements were completely shuffled around to make the most commonly used things far more tedious to press, and other issues as well. Meanwhile, the perfectly serviceable semi-public design that was available beforehand was seemingly completely abandoned.
Clunky rubbish, which I continue to use. Excellent app from a privacy point of view, but can no longer be recommended as it will no longer be a drop in replacement for the SMS app. The development team is fixated on adding useless garbage such as stories and shitcoin payments. Also, the message backup feature is quite limited - you can only restore your messages on another Android. High risk of losing your message history.
Good most of the time
It would be better if the app asks for password whenever opening
Useful and reliable for groups
Privacy matters!!! With quality and encryption...Signal is all together!!!
Sometimes message not sending and receiving and video calling not working properly
Work well, convince
who thought the new UI was a good idea? if it ain't broken don't fix it.
Newest fail: GroupMe turned off notifications for hidden chats without option to turn notifications back on. Some of us rely on notifications to know when we have new messages you morons! Absolutely trash except for sending messages. Terrible for adding or deleting people or altering settings. But thank goodness we got new features such as dino emojis for likes now! Also, I use it for about 5 minutes per day and it uses a HUGE percentage of the battery compared to what it should.
Discord has always sorta been laggy on Android, but it has enough functions which made it easy to use. Since the last update, that's changed, and it has now become a mess trying to navigate through. Having to tap multiple menus to get up DMs, and switching back to servers, is a pain which feels overwhelming to me. Prior the the update, I could just swipe to other functions. I refuse to update the app until things are reverted, would not recommend atm.
Doesn't let you get verification codes without paying a monthly fee. That was the only reason I wanted this app for, to not deal with spam in my phone. Therefore I have no use for this, uninstalled instantly.
It's good but the new updated discord is really laggy
It's bad u can't hear anyone when u call some one and u have to have wifi. But its fine ig
Ugh. Loved it until the update. Now when I switch to another server, I have to close out completely and reopen otherwise it won't actually go to the channel. It's extremely buggy, half the time I'm not getting my messages anymore and some of them when I finally do its hours later. I never had an issue until now. It's my main way of contact for streaming and custom lobbies and now I'm questioning how it'll work for my upcoming community night when we NEED it to talk on certain games 😪
thank I appreciate the service
Discord was once a great app to use, now they've gone the way of most things these days: overburdened with microtransactions, terrible UI changes for no reason and membership only content that doesn't feel like it's all that worth it. I'm debating on cancelling my nitro and closing out my account at this rate. Unless they severely change course, find an alternative.
Audio in calls are terrible and buggy
Why pay for minutes when there are apps like text now and talkatone for actual free unlimited calls and text. Thumbs down.
Terrible app interface
Great and doesn't use sms
Bad calling
The app is alright. Some connection issues but that's about it. They could make it look a little cooler to but that's just me picking at it.
U need Facebook
It's ok if you have someone to talk too
texting is fine - for calling, i use a different app.. they almost never work, whether (attempting) making or receiving.. its frustrating.
Forced to update. Now the app won't open. 😳
I used to love this app until recently it started just ending every call after about 30 seconds. It's as if the app just closes. My wifi is good and everything on my phone is good so I dont know what the problem is but its VERY frustrating!! Can we fix this plzzzz
Warning!!!! Caution!!!! ⚠️⚠️ DO NOT USE APP! They terminated my account because I have VPN on my phone which they do not like. When I clicked the appeal termination discisson, they'll ask for everything, including your DOB and home address. Something scammers would ask for in spam emails. Shady app, read their fine print. It just gets more suspicious and shady.
I think this app is good but only in us !
I hv this app since 2020 and never faced issues, but now when I try to ping someone, the dialog box doesn't let me click on anything and glitches.
Bard has saved me considerable time in doing searches. I do many searches a day both for work and personal use. It is easier to get a recipe that I want from bard than it is to go to a recipe site for one example. I have seldom used conventional search since starting to use Bard. In hundreds of queries, I have encountered mistakes only about three or four times, and they were easy to recognize.
Photos won't load!!!!!!!!!!! Must fight with it and retry or just resend over and over and over and I use this for work so it is very frustrating. It worked just fine for years. What happened?! You made money from the app and you passion went away? Or you got bought out and the owners don't care? Be better.
Only use for work... Idk
I rarely get notifications that my friends are trying to talk to me... and that makes me sad.
Less than perfect privacy model. When someone from my contacts first installs the app, I get a notification. It's nice, but occurred to me that someone might not want to announce to their friends that they're using the app. It would be nice if the default is to not notify others, with an option to do so later. There *is* an option for me to turn off notifications of when others use Signal, but no way to prevent the service from notifying others that I'm using it. Fix that, & it's a 5 star app.
I like it but they can't see the emoji's! & when they send me pictures. I can't see crap!😡. & sometimes I don't get notifications when someone texts me!! Fix this!!😡
Not what it claims to be. Stick with phones text.
Confusing setup getting added to groups. Also confusing figuring out how to get notifications working. Definitely not a fire and forget app.
The New update takes WAY too long to load, and the signature is in the same line add the text... that really sucks.
Good Work
Pretty good but...it doesn't notify me anymore when I have messages! Also it keeps showing I have a notification of some sort but I don't have one!
When owned by British people, this was excellent. eBay bought it with plans to sell it to Microsoft who then made it oversized with far less features and very ugly smoke that mean nothing to anyone so you can click with trial and error to try and find what you want to do. Terrible interface, eats your ROM and RAM and die very little compared to the British version
Always been a useful app. Not much changed.
Signal should have last seen and online feature
Discord is awesome! It's a modern chat version of old bulletin board sites.
I love this app
Perfect connection
When i call people it dosent ring and the voices cut out why does that happen?
Its really good for your work place but not to use when its comes to the normal consumer and its use lot of RAM usage If developers can optimize this for many devices like (Budget,Mid Range type of phones) that would be great 🙂👍
New phone UI is garbage and makes the app very inefficient and unusable
I'm very disappointed by the december "update" for mobile. Breaking image sharing just to change up the view? Not worth it. It's less intuitive, still doesn't have the same neat features as desktop (like profile pic overlays), and is still glitchy whenever screen rotates. I don't understand why its so complicated; AIM did it a decade ago with no trouble. an update/fix isn't an update/fix if it breaks things that were working perfectly fine.
popup view mode is broken, i use this mode a lot with discord but now i can't see full image, while sending image i can't send emoji, it's hard to join and leave voice chat, well... All options voice chat is broken in popup view, please fix this, this problem was since Discord got a facelift.
I have to pay 10 dóllars just for the ads to leave
Love the app, hate the update. It'd be one thing if the new interface improved the functions that already exist but it's another thing when it makes key functions nearly inoperable like the search function.
It's really useful
Used it for quite some time about a year or two and it worked great. However, I just recently had to uninstall it and reinstall to make it work right again. It showed removed members in a group and I couldn't take new members as well as a group name change that never took place.
How is the app calling my phone number? After not opening the app for a day i woke up to two missed calls on my phone from the number on the app. What the heck
*NEED REFRESH BUTTON* It would be nice if the app would update and be in track time with the desktop version. It sits useless months behind.
I think that Discord is great so far! But, I do have one minor little bug right now, because well, here's the thing, whenever I go to try and change the voice thing over in VC chat, for some odd reason, it won't let me switch it over to audio, no matter how many times I try tapping on it! So, can you guys fix this for me, please?
App keeps crashing every time I launch it, and my phone is telling me that it is due to the app having a bug and to wait until the developer has an update to fix it. I love this app and use it every single day. Hope this gets resolved soon.
Keeps me in touch with a group that is important to me.
Frequently difficult to connect a call, not always online, ready for a call but must be enter the app first to make or receive a call. But once connected the quality of call or video is good, although the stability of connection can be better. I trust the developer can make Skype better in the near future.
Anybody who thinks this is private is deluded. There are people selling child porn videos on there. They must be incredibly stupid. You don't have to be a genius to figure out that anybody from INTERPOL can join SIGNAL just like you and me and infiltrate all the groups. Which they do. I know that for a fact.
It would be nice if it could work off wfi and didn't have so many adds
It is a place that is private, can share pics and make calls.
A few months ago send a Picture on video through SMS was fantastic but now it's impossible. Always show Not sent; try again.
Some few previous updates the sending of the messages is too much delayed even after the network is full and internet is properly working. But the messages are stuck on loading and after 2,3 times signal app open and close then msg will send.. pls resolve this problem immediately or I'll uninstall the app.
ITS THE BEST THING THAT HAS EVER HAPPENED TO ME ♡♡
excellent. nice and fast.always reliable
cant send pictures for sum obscene reason
when people calling me. It sucks.
Still working it out
Works good for me
Message Delivery is very slow after the recent update really piss me off. This is so annoying Bbye Signal....
TOTAL GARBAGE,. DON'T USE THIS APP !!!
I get to call my fam and friends
I am getting texts late it it is not.allowing for some people sto see when I send them a picture. The videos I send always say that they are invalid and it just makes for a bad experience.
Best chat app. I love the simple design, that has no additional features that I'd never use, but makes the layout cramped.
Worst app... App is too slow..
Best for AIT bois
Great tool! Used for professional msgn and works amazingly great!
keeps crashing
Good but ive been haveing problems getting back in like it wont let me log in and its annouing and it wont let me make a new account.
3 star's for TextNow but having little problem with TextNow. The problem is I sign up account on TextNow and they deactivated it why that I lost all my contacts
I set this up as a business text , cause I work a regular job and didn't want my phone blew up .I got new phone and after I paid for a year it won't give me my number back . I obviously did update the app since I got a new phone and downloaded the app new to it !!! 🤦‍♀️ Someone email me so I have the number still so I can figure this out . I need someone to email on an email that can be replied back to . Thanks !!!
one phone call that was it then no phone call dont work
Using an S3, App was ok before. Now, u press a number, first number ok but when u press next number, 1st number pressed repeats itself b4 2nd number. Say u press 6-1, it comes out 661. U hav to erase one if the 6s. Then proceed after 1, say #8 is the 3rd #, it comes up 6118...and so on. This needs fixing very bad.
The new Discord UI update is terrible. The mobile app has so many bugs. Not to mention, the possible privacy issue due to this update. The navigation of the app got significantly worse too. I don't understand why the people working at Discord thought this update was a good idea. It was perfectly fine before. Please change mobile Discord back to how it was before.
You're dropping sms support, and your going to lose so many users as a result, including me. I'll change my review if you take it back. You used to be great. My life is too hard to try and juggle an sms app and signal on the side for my five friends who use it. So I'm going elsewhere unless this miraculously becomes a lesson for y'all.
Force closed. Force closed. Force closed. Come on, Skype. Your latest
Great app but with them taking away SMS I will not be using it. Without SMS this app is more of an inconvenience than it is actually useful
When I call someone I can't hear them👎 but other than that it's good I guess
when i call a 1800 no it connects and two minutes later it disconectd not very good well useless app.
I love this app it's very up to date. But my problem is I had Nitro, then someone gifted me it. But it won't let me add the credits even on desktop. It's getting really frustrating and I don't want my friend to just waste over 20 dollars on me like that.
Very confusing
I rated it a 2/5 because when I want to call my parents it keeps logging off of my account and sometimes I put the right password it's puts 'Oops skype is not working' or something like that. So I try to make a new password lately I haven't been receiving a code. Another issue is when my mum had a new update on her Skype she was not been able to call anyone, it would start ringing then failing instantly.  Please fix this Skype Thanks
I was trying to use it on my computer, but when I wanted to get into a meeting, the site would keep crashing every time I tried to get into a meeting
Stupid app won't even work, abuse detector? When I've only just downloaded the app?
Terrible didn't know it cost to talk
Slow af and doesnt let you hang up when you want to end a call have to uninstall just to end the call
Works well and is really safe
New UI is glitchy af
Not very attractive but very clear when using it for calls
Your app has some bugs and i hope you fix it i can't even talk my friend on mic we can only chat i hope you fix the bug on mic so we can talk my friend again 🙏
It's crazy good
When I go to sign up theres an error with authenticating o something. I dont know how to fix this...
The calls suck it makes the other people sound like a robot everything else is good
It says free it really isn't free
Texting worked okay, but started getting a lot of scam calls through it, and it hogged a lot of background data. Would also try to install apps without permission.
Good app a few bugs
Was solicited for sex on the app. I have no way to report it or remove the people from my chat groups. Could not get any one to respond back to me!!!
Its recordings are just useless i cant see the screen clearly and even cannot zoom or operate to change forward or backwards even not proper the next media is just below the screen while seeing the recordings so disturbing and useless please remove those things i dont know whose idea was that not even the recordings are full-screen really frustrated about this product
The new ui is terrible after this update. It was perfect before hand but they added this and it makes everything harder to do especially looking at members it takes much longer to do and the new search bar to look for. messages is all messed up too.
It won't let me sign up to view my birthday
This really helpe.keep in tuch of my friends
Everytime I tried to sign up it said "an error has occurred please try again"
It works well but evertime i try to listen to music with discord in the background the audio is weird?
How do I know if I am using Signal?
app freezes, rings but doesnt allow you to answer at all times and drops calls!
How do you know when Skype has been "fixed and improved"? When the version that used to run perfectly fine breaks. Why can't you update without breaking a working version?
Very Bad. Wastage of time
Needs to support *bold* and _italic_ notations in text chat. Otherwise, quite good. (4/5)
Great theme and UI. Terrible amount of ads. Too expensive to remove the ads or lock in your number. I think it should be free to keep your number for the first year and from there if you don't use it, it's released to the available numbers list. Ads should not appear after a phone call. It's also annoying with the 'x' to close the ads showing in multiple places and only one closes the ad, the others click the ad to open your browser and go to such website in the ad.
Recently the app was very sluggish and slow. Please fix this
the reason I've used this app is that the ui is different from all the other social media apps and the latest update has completely reworked the ui and it looks horrible and is near impossible to navigate please bring back the old ui for the mobile app
Best app ever to text for job and privite talk
I hv used this app a lot it works great esp during heavy weather. As with all apps cell phones hv basic issues but they hv improved on many features and I use it daily I am extremely satisfied with it's overall service. Thank you.....
Absolute trash! Gotta KP watching ads to get mins then it doesn't even halfway work. What's the point?!?
Actually l always have problems using Skype,but it's me l am 80 yrs,and this is not a strong point with me. And everyone tells me it's free,but l have given you $100ds of dollars???? What is going on,Sandra lankester.
loading pics saved on my phone doesn't seem to work
Hello Everyone have pleasant day,I was amaze with this app easy access,helping work easy convenient,comfortable. Thank you for creating this app it me and lot of people around the world who you save and help them to creat new learning experience thru this app.I really appreciate your app and make our live so easy accessible,through this we can understant and communicate people around the world.We manifest and learn more,explore more and more perfect for everybody.
The last update where you guys completely messed up absolutely everything has left me disliking discord more than ever before. Just yesterday i was thinking how amazing and user friendly it is but after the update today it has been messing me up so bad im half tempted to uninstall. Why would you make it MORE difficult to swipe to see members list? Why would you change the way to use the search bar looking for past messages. The update changed visually how it looks, it looks worse now overall.
I hate the new layout. I also can't switch back to the old layout. It's pretty stupid, and makes me want to uninstall.
very easy to use and flexible
Won't. Instal
If my phone gets shut off CUZ I'm late on paying the bill, NO-FEAR, TEXT FREE IS HERE! I love this app.
It's good app but only issue is that the once u r not available to pic call the Ringing is more then expected hence(30 sec) the caller quite the call before reaching to voicemail, it's an issue which need to be corrected.
The voice messages are of terrible quality It sounds like a voice recording of the 1930s and no it's not my mic in other apps it's working fine
A lot of bugs and glitches, but best communication and (for large groups ) app ever
I've had the pleasure of this app's provided service many years, multiple numbers, millions of personalities, but most of all I would remember all the free Wi-Fi calling. Without any doubt in my mind, I would have to say number 1.
Convenient second number, but why can't I ever hear the voice mail when I play it? Not good, if I need to hear the message.
They are removing SMS! Bring it back!
Very good and easy
Good tho for the mean time
i liked it a lot but the new interface looks goofy and it keeps bugging out every two seconds still a good way to chat with friends tho
Great for a back up plan, no weefee, not calling, lol
Only able to make 2 calls per day, but least I'm able to connect with people
So are texts free, or not?
I am not receiving any messages from anybody unless I open the app. It's frustrating because I had a job interview a couple of days ago, and they said they'd call. I thought that they didn't call until I opened the app, and it said 3 days ago they called, but I never received a call 😔
It has to be updated every two months and if your phone is too full it stops sending and receiving messages.
Can switch on the video camera but can't switch it off! How stupid is that?
this is a great app i would of gave it five stars, but the thing is that you have to littarly pay monthly to even get the phone number.
Worst mobile update ever.... layout sucks, if there was a button that could revert to previous update, id click it straight away...
Chat is very difficult with weak network
Text messages, no problem at all receiving & sending. The problem I experience is receiving phone calls & the other person not being able to hear me, but I hear them.
Use this for notifications at work between the entire unit and each team or individual
For a few weeks now Skype video calls do not work for anyone trying to contact people in the Philippines. It doesn't matter the device being used or the location outside Phils. Within the Philippines the video calls still work. Microsoft and Skype have been made aware of this serious issue but they refuse to give guidance or answers on why this is happening. A large number of people within this review area and Skype Community forum have logged complaints.
Takes time to find were ils at before you can dial
New layout is unnecessary, unwanted, and downright ugly. There was nothing wrong with the old layout. Every update discord has is more and more anti-user, it's absolutely ridiculous.
It's very important that we have a nice 🙂 be a good night friends req pejj ta ne kuch 7ttyi hai aur sabhi ka mama and rahane ka koi or number is coming to drop ☔💧 be able or willing I have lots of money and time dss baad ma laugai be a part 〽️
The video calls are usually good quality, every now and then I may have a bad video call.
mosttimes when I get an incoming call the caller cannot hear me and I have to call them back. other times when I try to make a call the app will freeze and I have to restart my phone, sometimes 2 or 3 times. other than that no issues but it can get frustrating when it might be an emergency
Somehow the more this app is updated, the more it regresses. The UI is clunky and unintuitive, menus are hidden within menus and it feels like there's little thought for the user experience. The app is so much slower in general, sending images can take well over a minute for seemingly no reason, and it begins to lag when you scroll through many messages. On a messaging app, sending messages is an aggravating experience! Please reconsider this change, and actually listen to your username for once
The choice to remove SMS makes this effectively useless
Makes you pay for verification texts
I would have given it a full 5 star but it keep dropping calls and hung in up my call each and everytime it was not like this before now it is please you people looking to this and fix it because it my business number.
I just wanna change my username then it said "discord has unexpectedly crashed" can you fix this issue
Unable to register my phone no.
Amazing I get to talk to my man all the time since he away for work
I can't figure out how view members in a discord server in the new UI
Good app, this app help me get by when I don't have minutes thank you...
It's great for messaging and calling even without Discord Nitro. Unfortunately, in my personal experience, AMOLED mode has suddenly stopped working with seemingly no explanation or reason, leaving me stuck with a less appealing theme.
Not as good as it used to be.. slow and issues with typing too
This app is excellent, reliable and I love its functionality, it needs to improve in some aspects, but it is very favorable.
Last update led my phone (Android 5.1.1-based Cyanogen) into reboot cycle. It also became too large, so am moving to other messengers
I just downloaded it to text because it's called Text Free and it won't let me text at all, another app that's a waste of time. It's literally in the name and I can't do it. I type in the number, and the message and the send icon is grayed out so it won't click. Piece of junk I'd give it negative stars if I could.
Best Thing for gamers but if anyone message it not show on mobile screen when I open discord then He show. Why Thank you
Easy, user-friendly layout. Had great faultless communication with my sister, who was travelling S.Asia. Pictures, texting all very easy with no delays. Highly recommended app.
Excellent n for back up number
You disabled my account for so long but then you ban me that makes no sense? Without no context either!? But good app
It's good but I can't literally join a call🥲
Could be easier to maneuver
No longer rings and doesn't have a n answer button on the screen.
A one
All in all a great communication tool but unfortunately you can't do any back-up. I changed data and I can't get all the messages on the old phone
So far ok just hard to get it to stay on with my wifi
It's reliable for information through notification
Helpp i can't find mute button on bot profile
Me accounts pls
Contact me
This app works good for me. Allows me to do things outside of my main number.
Not letting me login to my account.
Latest update does not show contact images.
I like it but the fact you can't delete anything sucks. And it's been freezing up lately and probably needs an update.
Will not allow me to verify my phone number.
It's cool texting
it is good because it doesn't cost
Good at for messaging w/ encryption
Latest update absolutely ruined the mobile UI. Change for the sake of change on the user end with no actual improvements. God help us all if they bring these changes over to the desktop app.
This app is amazing
I used this app before on my iPod and it worked great but now I'm trying to get it on my phone and it won't let me download it.
love the app. Helped out when my main phone shattered when it hit the pavment. I can always rely on them and I get easy to remmeber #'s Thank you for the serivce
Sorry for the inconvenience, but I can't put normal phone emojis on my server chats and channels anymore. A bit frustrated and upset because I tried finding out what the problem is exactly.
I have a paying subscription and I've locked in my number. I haven't received texts from people. They send me the screenshot on my end of multiple texts but I didn't get them through the app. FIX THAT! It's a big issue and I'm thinking I'll cancel if it continues.
I wanna cancel nitro but I cant till November 4th and I don't wanna get charged for it, I tried to cancel it didn't do so. Also can you guys delete my data about card and stuff like that.
Won't load after update
It comes in when you tap in on the app and outcomes through
Horrible. Always cutting out
Great quality of sound and connections, BUT difficult to navigate (poor user interface design).
**edit** dropping to 1 star and canceling my recurring donation. Removing SMS capabilities was the dumbest thing you could have done. **edit** Apps like this are what we need to break free of the virtual "chains" shackled to our wrists by these giant tech companies. Support this app, rate it with 5 stars, and donate a few bucks if you can.
Removing sms is a frustrating move
Very stupid app Worst app ever It has stopped working tried over 5numbers to open it yet it keeps saying i am a robot
I'd like to be able to present my slides and go through them through
Has improved since 2017. Less dropped video calls. Less pushing of "features" that I don't use. Now if they can add encryption, I won't fully migrate to Signal.
You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain. Please, why destroy something that was great in the first place? Companies these days really like to fu*k up their products. I thought you were different. There are also first signs that there will be stories from sponsors and lots of ads... You seem to be slowly rolling out updates towards that kind of platform.
Completely unnecessary ui change that makes the app more complicated to use. Why try to fix what isn't broken.
It will not download
Is there any way to change the number .
Too much glitches
This is a great app for someone that have no number to contact others..... but I want you to improve the voice chat for mobile device it is always freeze my screen... the call function to whenever I use it I can't hear other talking pls improve it
I like the app a lot though there are some features that should really be added. A way to press on someone's profile picture to get the full picture and some free options for pfp, banners and profile design (in general). Making everything pay to get is very boring and doesn't really encourage much if you won't allow any free options. Maybe free options could be like a small custom feature where you can create a simple backdrop with discords options.
Not think is use a app
2* because I can only make 1 phone an hour it seems.... After that the calls connect but have no return voice.
Good except it won't let me send pictures
Not a bad app at all. TextNow really helped me when I was in a pinch and now I use it daily.
Slow not intuitive and frankly serious downgrade from previous version. I mean just a simple question of "who is online" is so difficult to figure out it is not worth waiting for the app to load. Just one bad example of many. It used to be the best program.
It is just to confusing. It have a lot of bugs and when I tried to login with the same email and stuff cause the other one I got kicked out of for no reason and I couldn't sign in or nothing
Aww 🥰 best app of the year
Discord is the ultimate creation for gamers.Love discord using more.than 5 years.
It's work better
When I changed my phone, failed to transfer the record and media stored in my old phone.
messages nor calls despite having notifications enable and set to priority
Overall, this app performs poorly. It spams my phone with notifications, even if they're old. Notification icons, vibrations, and noises are inconsistent as well. Thankfully it no longer pops up old messages as new (like it used to). Definitely some room for improvement.
Good app for group chatting
Not the best but its ok ig
some problems is there 🙃
This apps not a good.....this apps heavy log in problems. This very bad apps
Fantastic way to have group chats with ease!!
It seems to be working now but I will let you know when we leave here in the afternoon ☺️ thanks for everythin
Difficult app
It cost not paying for it. It says for free but it ia not.
Where the fk is the server wide search button
application. Was much better before Microsoft bought it
After awhile it wont let me text or call so I delete the app and install again but it wont let me login. So delete and install again then it works. then the cycle starts again
Easy to Access
I still like using the app, and there are some bugs, but I usually don't mind them. It would be better if the call button was in the users profile section, Most times I keep hitting it when a notification from another app comes up and as soon as I try to remove it I ended up hitting the call button
Excellent service for reliable, dependable, highly confidential communication.
It seems the most recent update has fixed alot of the issues that i had with the app
This app was excellent before the SMS feature was removed. I no longer have a reason to use it. Sorry guys.
Facing problem regarding network. When I'm on call, it get disconnected showing network failure. Even though I have a good internet connection.
I love the app, but the new layout is horrible. It was so much easier to navigate before. If something isn't broke, don't fix it. Please listen to community feedback and revert the layout. Nobody likes it.
its good so far no complain as of yet
It seems to have bugs and make me have to reset phone often
Bring the old layout back. This is generic and boring, not to mention the navigation. Rounded corners and more menus don't equal good. Just stick with what you have and build on it. Your app was fine, why change what's good??
Don't get all my minutes
Picture messaging works one minute then the next its out
I'm continuosly getting random calls. When I pick them up nobody talks, and when I ignore them I get a voicemail which is also completely silent from them. I'm sure these calls are coming from some automatic system because nobody knows my TextNow number as of right now.
very good way to communicate
Fix this
The app no longer works on my moto z play
I like it just wish you could earn more then just a few credits when you watch a video
paid for nitro but did not get it and yes i did report and got a ticket but still nothing
The app works great for keeping up with my Bible study group.
New update Skype no longer loads correctly and fails to work on an android phone
Never could make call
After the last update I couldn't send any files or messages (kept saying sending) and I still don't get notified when somebody calls me... Had to delete and reinstall, enable all requirements to make it work, but my mobile still don't ring when someone calls me on Skype. I also have to convert or crop any video I am trying to send because it doesn't allow me to send almost anything longer than 1 minute...
It a great app
I had to download this to have a group chat with my dorm and I legit never get any notifications. I even went through my settings to turn on notifications, only to find they were all on. When I looked through the app to find a way to turn notifications on I only found an option to MUTE the chat, which is not what I need since we are supposed to be using this for important info and announcements.
good app just wish they gave more min
This app is trying
Worse App.. it drops calls or doesn't receive the calls. I get voicemails and the phone doesn't ring for the call.. I use my minutes..which I purchased to check voicemails or to call back the dropped calls constantly! All I see is the app taking money for minutes! Moneymaking for the app bad for us users! I contacted support..just to be told uninstall and reinstall the app.. it doesn't work support! Not that you care! You have my money!
Very easy to stay connected
slow and glitchy
Discord was ok until i play roblox. I always play with my friend in roblox blox fruit. As soon as i join my friend at third sea i cant talk to my friend so yea discord please fix dis
Nostalgic video communication platform, I use it a lot even nowadays to stay in contact with my friends and family
Drops nearly every call on wifi also makes high pitch sound when trying to take call on bluetooth speaker???
It warms up the mobile phone considerably, in the long run, it is a harmful app. Additionally, its connection with the rear phone camera is unstable. It is often blurred.
It seems I'm only able to receive text messages but can't send any out how do I fix this issue,? It's getting really annoying.
Used signal for quite a while now... For multiple reasons. Now it's trendy for government officials to CYA with this app as well. Good trends catch on quick. However nothing replaces good opsec and comsec. Cheers
The notifications on when message comes in should be like of the older version. When I miss a message, an orange dot indicator should be on my phone notify wall.
I don't like that I can't edit messages. It allows to delete, but does not allow to edit - it's nonsense.
Old version was good and reliable. New is awful. Not user friendly. Big mistake to make changes.
Great app, but on mobile some tabs dont even open.. but its a great and usefull application.
I like the app very much but sometimes I can delete my comment and then other times I can't. Not cool. It's updated so I don't know what the problem is.
new ui is bloated and a mess
Very easy to use.
JUST installed it and it asks me to rate it. Well, enjoy my rating.
App wants you to turn on your location settings so it can give you a local number. Then they promise they won't use it to track you. Who honestly believes that? Just ask people what area code they want and stop trying to steal their data.
Message improvement from my last review. But this new layout from the update is not user friendly in terms of where servers and direct messages are located. Also how are you supposed to view members now if need to update someone's role or you are looking for someone because swiping to try to see just causes you to reply to someone's message
Very nice social networking app
Still like this app great awesome awesomeness also is good.
The app is easy to use and works well for a group chat. I would love to see and EDIT option on messages I send since I tend to hit send before actually reading through my message (☹️). Also, would love to see more reactions than just the heart ❤️. Those two things would push my review to 5 stars.
use low date theme on Android.11 software with useable phone tools
It works pretty good, but I've had issues adding people.
Very good communication app but their log in or out system is vary frustrating to use. And they're security system is very bad. I was jocking with my friend and told him my age is 12 although i am 19 they just deactivated my account. I have emailed them but got no positive response. Hope they fix this issue.
I really like it just wish I could talk and text without wifi
Please bring back the old ui
Vedio not snd by any I'd
Used to a 5 star app. But lately since the last two updates my texts will show up in the notification bar but when u go to open them they aren't there. It takes about half hour for them to finally show up. I also can't make it receive calls. If I call out it just ends and kicks me back. An incoming call with show but there is no way to answer it. The answer but is no longer there.
Trash app refuses to work. Stuck with "logging in..." message that wont go away.
Not sure about the overall privacy of this app
Some times exceptional sometimes not
The updates are aggravating. I just had my account signed out and then have it tell me I don't have any contacts unless I sync it with all of social networking. Seriously? I don't want that much involvement.
which I will never do! I just want this to be fix so I don't have to use it
Want to love this app, but without chat history import, its a nonstarter.
Wow this app is so good
It won't save the photos I recieved. What's the point of even recieve any type of multimedia if it won't save?
When I started using the app it worked as designed. Since the last update when I try to place a call it rings once then hangs up. I have reinstalled it and aldo restarted my phone. Three stars because it did work at first but now it is not working.
Texting is good. Calls, on the other hand, get dropped or the other party can't hear you speaking, even with good/excellent 'quality'.
Bitc qww
People have been ordering me for sugar glider what is that I don't sell them
Makes texting easier. No messaging issues between Apple and other phone OS like Android.
I loved using Discord, but over time, with the new update, it crashes every time I enter a group or something else, but i tried logging out, logging back in deleting it, and reinstalling it but it never worked pls fix this
Great app but would like to be able to edit.
Used to work a few years ago. But now I have a paid number but it keep say unable to process payment and won't get verification messages. I've already got a different provider I just want a refund. I can screenshot the errors if needed.
Privacy lock is not working properly.
TERRIBLE IT CRASHES ALL THE TIME. GO BACK TO THE OLD DISCORD!!! Honestly it won't let me see images and it kicks me out of call as well
It is a great opportunity I am looking for work and having financial difficulties so this app made it possible for me to find work. I want to thank you from my family to yours we almost was homeless so again thank you 🤎💙💜💯🤝
It sucks I never know if the person I'm talking to is there sometimes I'm there waiting 4or5 minutes before I realize they're not
One star to the support, they never answer back. Poor
Dropping SMS support kills my use case for Signal. I don't want to use one app for txt msgs and Signal for everyone else on Signal. The 2nd star I'm knocking off is because the MMS Errors haven't been fixed in over a year, probably bcz it's dropping support for it. Good app, but you're making a mistake dropping SMS support. Tons of Android users will drop this and switch to Google Messages.
ok. could be better. sometimes crash.
would give a 5 star but recently when i click a photo so i can see it fully and zoom in more, it just goes black screen. now me and my friend have to send pictures one by one so i get to see them fully. if we send them by bulk and we click to view it fully it just doesnt show anything.
Enjoying using this app
everytime I make a call, the whole screen turns black and I can't end call. Have to hold down the power button and restart the phone!
Works half the timr..
Good app to puss the ex off with haha
Texting app works great. But I buy minutes and phone calls echo or drop
no problems currently
Good quality app
Extremely well made app
Notifications are broken. I thought it was my old phone but no, I have the latest Samsung and only Skype's Notifications are messed up. They either show up 4 hours late or don't show at all. Messaging and calling works fine but it's incredibly annoying that the notifications don't work.
Too many bugs after the new update and they still haven't done anything about it. I suggest you do not use chat gpt to code this app. Thanks
The video is not clear at all.
Quite good for chats etc
Everyone should use it
Just when you watch videos to get free minutes it does not always give them to you. I'm always missing calls because I never get them. Is it okay app needs a lot of work.
When i can try to connect
It works I can text any body I choose but unless I check on the app every few minutes I never find out if I have a message or not
The new update is bad
Was a pretty decent app until they decided to make certain numbers unsupported. I deleted this app because of that reason alone.
5 stars prior to this last UI update. There NEEDS to be a MEMBER tab at the bottom! I want to see all members and their statuses (optionally - not just by channel) in just one click. Removing the swipe to view members was a big mistake, please revert back somehow.
Gets the job done
great app! but when i tried changing my username again i put in my correct password and correct other user to change but it said invalid password so could you please try to investigate on why this happened?
You are not a social media app, stop acting like one. Know your audience. Also the removal of SMS is the final nail in the coffin. Time to look for a replacement.
This "are you human" keeps popping up when I try to message someone wth i can't even even message with out this "are you human" popping up
Doesn't alert you when getting a call or text until you open the app then it tells you that you missed a text an hour an a half ago an a call 45 mins ago
Latest update layout is not good. I much prefer the layout that matches the desktop experience. At this point it seems like a vast majority of Discord users dislike the app redesign. The app is still functional but I find myself unable to get used to it when the desktop version and the mobile version were so much better when they were similar in layout. I can barely control my calls anymore and I have a hard time with my phone automatically using handset mode instead of defaulting to speaker.
I paid for TextNow plus that keep picking on me about minutes avoid losing my number but I still get harassing messages from them about spending more money
I've been paying for the Text Now app for about three consecutive years now for work purposes. It takes a long time for my messages to load, I'll delete the app restart my phone and redownload the app which I've already done today and it's still taking a very long time for my messages to load. Which is sad because like I said I pay for the app I think I'm going to go see if I can actually get like Bell or Rogers with the phone number that I'm using
The app does not allow me to open an account
Can't hear other ppl voice
Need credits to make a call... That can be annoying on an urgent situation when you have no credits.  I suggest TextNow.
Such a horrible app, I get my main discord account with all my friends overseas deleted all because of a joke I made in a discord server. Some kid asked for my age and my response was -7 in which is obviously not valid as an age and obviously a joke. Man discord you are such a DISSAPOINTMENT and you disgust me
I've been using this app for around 2 years and it has been a good way to communicate with friends, but what I pretty much don't like is the new update thing, it's not really all that bad, it's just the photo thing, otherwise I enjoy it.
Please let me download skype
Very beautiful
The ads are unbelievable. It makes this app unusable. I'd rather use carrier pigeons. You have ads playing in the middle of dialing a phone number that can't be muted. It makes your app unusable. Or if you don't get ads, the screen goes black. Tf
Garbage didn't register but log in with us number that made me lose money . A lot of ads bad menu. Greedy losers
I use because others do
People can't send me pics back
U can't hear the people when u talk to the person on the other end
will there ever be a lite mode or data saver? not everyone can handle this bloated mess and its internet-hogging?
I WANT MY OLD MAIN ACCOUNT BACK I HAVE TRIED EVERYTHING I CANT GET IT BACK ! My Old account is glitchtrap3601 how do I fix this problem My personal laptop broke and I can't verify my email it dont send to my email what do I do?
The new design just doesn't feel right
I've tried giving this app chance after chance over the past few years and it's garbage. Hijacks and interrupts with ads. Doesn't connect calls most of the time. When it does they're either dropped or the quality sucks. People say they can't hear me talking and hang up. The app itself seems as though it doesn't want to hang up either. Waste of time. Very disappointed ☹️
An excellent platform for our special group of ladies!
Perfect!
Good app, but I barely ever get notifications from it... Which is a problem. I set it up to send texts to me, but sometimes I dont get those either. My school uses this so it's very inconvenient.
Jipping me out of minutes as usual. I watch videos but receive no minutes
Bought the upgrade and still can't send a single text without number changing.
drops calls lot..doesn't receive calls often. otherwise it's great phone app.
Pretty good so far...still dealing with dropped calls every now and then!
Typically I have no major problems with Discord (It crashes while in voice channels often but isn't a huge concern for me although annoying) but now I can't cancel my Nitro subscription and it has already charged me early despite my attempts to cancel the subscription. I attempted to write a support ticket but was told I was unauthorized to view the support page. This is on top of losing an account because Discord crashed every time I attempted to enter a security code. These need to be fixed.
Works great. I'll keep supporting as long as the gooberment and hackers are less likely to be able to creep on my normie life.
My experience with Signal app, it's good I mean it's excellent
No one can hear me !
this was the werst app have sen
I love this TextNow everything you do on TextNow is just the same as having your phone service if not better.
Good app but it will be more good as it continues so please fix the bugs for voice and other things goodbye
Hi I have just installed Signal, I opened it set up, did the verification etc. Sent my cousin a message and went off for a while. Went back to it...now it wont open. Please help. Thanks Bev
Easy to use as
Revert to before UI update. It's hot garbage now. Before it was decent
The perfect app to make group
Anyone else having issues on Google Pixels with gifs not working from iOS
This app was great, and it's still 'useable', but now it's much worse. I don't understand why they insist on changing things people like.
ALOT of Ads
I love your app, but the new messages window looks way too much like fb messenger imo. It doesn't have that nice little discord charm as the other parts of your app
It's pretty fun, sometimes in vc with more than one person you won't be able to hear anyone, or get kicked out, but I think that's a device problem for me. It's really nice for having almost "sectioned conversations".
Besides the various constant glitches on mobile app, everything is great. I love developing my my discord bot!
Very confusing and its not free
The app was great until the newest UI update. Now there is lag/delays on pressing buttons and switching screens. Sometimes it won't even let me enter text unless I stop the app and restart it. Everything worked fine before the update. Also hate that swiping right now does a quick reply instead of opening up the right side user list.
Uploading images/videos are still a problem, especially on slower connections
I'm not really with this app only because my phone don't act right.
The app keeps deleting entire conversations or at the least hiding them from me. I'm not sure what the cause of the problem is. Possible help please?
The app downloads un needed apps on the phone without permission. Too many ads not paying for add free get rid of ads pathetic app
It helped me discover the love of my life..Mike Scott V...79.5347% of the all the times in your life it's the best app available in playstore
Horrible UI, cannot change it back at all despite discord articles stating there's an option to change back. Layout causes migraines to look at, features are less easier to access. Forcing the update on everyone and making it unavailable to turn it off will make a lot of users leave discord.
Great way to keep in touch!
It would be great if users could opt back in to a discussion if they opted
L bozo. Nitro is dumb
It's OK a Lil slow but it's aight
It works, I've never seen an ad, and I haven't had any problems. It functions sufficiently
Texting is awesome and calling works well!
So far so good but sometimes when I try to log into my account it says in red colored text "Service resources is being rate limited" 😠🙃
like to share my thrill with this app if you only knew how thrilling it is and the editing feature is awesome
for some reason my discord is bugged out and does not let me use it, it just keeps doing the "Connecting..." Thing, i tried reinstalling it, still does the same thing even if i try to make a new account, and i doubt I'm the only one having this issue since it's definitely a problem with the app itself since my internet connection is completely solid, i would really appreciate if you guys can fix this since discord brought me a lot of joy and it's really depressing to just disappear into dust.
Never used it thought it was im my mobile..auto update lol
Its great but not the best that i have tried
this may be the worst ui change in the history of social media. not only did they break the entire ui, they did the worst job of trying to put everything back. everything has been relocated to the most out of place areas, searching now has to go to an entire seperate tab and can only be done in one chat, chats no longer have an easy add button and now have to be manually added through settings. so many more small and inconsistent changes litter this update, not to mention the random slowness.
I am using this only because of Elon Musk
Pretty soon unless they are invited to the app you won't be able to message anyone who doesn't have it. Stupid requirements like this always deserves a uninstall
still runs slow on bring up and loading texts and phone calls still drop or app freeze's up to where I have to keep force stopping it
Poor service always cuts out always need a redownload
The new look sucks
This is a fair program.  The texting works great, no noticeable lag. Phone calls are another story even with a consistent connection.  Quality isn't very good. The ads are annoying.  I would pay for an ad free version of the program. If you honestly have that much free time to try and earn "free minutes", get a job and pay the .99 cents..
The app is decent but somehow it manages to knock out my devices WiFi signal and disrupts Bluetooth in various ways at the most random times. Can't prove it but I know it only happens when discord is active.
Have to keep uninstalling it for it to work
Have had issues being added to work groups since I got this
Lag is better with update, but it still lags.  Also, wont let me save photos. Keeps saying no SD card installed.
I haven't had a bad experience with this app.
if u could send and recieve pic messages it would be 5 stars
The app continues to do what it says.
Easy to use!
Major bug infestation iPhone apparently much more stable
Cant run oparation without a leader
The product drains life on my HTC and my friends iPhone  About twice as fast as normAL so we r going to look into other options.
making difficulty things easier
Rest In Peace. No SMS means it's over. Damn shame. I really loved it and am not looking forward to figuring out an alternative. They should not remove SMS but I guess they've told us how it's going to be.
It will not stop crashing and I use this for my main phone cause I have a unlimited internet plan
I send messages to someone Many a times it gets only one tick and both of us network speed is good still message doesn't send it frustrate me a lot please fix it as soon as possible I am using this app from more than 1 year but the problem is same and sometimes it starts lagging fix this problem
Terrible app crashes nonstop
It takes forever to load on my phone, and sometimes it doesn't load at all! It keeps 'restarting' all of my conversations. When it does actually work though, it's a pretty good app!
Wonderful and easy to use. Worked in a pinch, takes a moment to figure things out but good.
I liked the app at first but then it started lagging and crashing. I hate how they only give you limited amount of minutes to make calls.
If I can ever get past this page I'd love it
I love this app, but since they are removing sms, I will need to find a different messaging app.
They don't just show you ads no they bomb you with ads and force you to see it. I gave 2 stars because it gives you an extra number. Voice quality is good. ** After the response of the developer: First, I didn't ask for ads free. You can have ads but in a better and less invasive way. You guys have full page ads and even when I called my self with my other phone, one phone was ringing (rang 3 times) and the other was showing ads without ringing. Second, the app does not deserve $10/month.
Lots of bugs over the past 6 months
Whenever I screen share on my phone, no audio can be heard through the stream, and when I attempt to cancel nitro, the app sent me to the subscription tab on google play with no way to end subscription there
After a while of getting used to the new UI, it's been alright. My only issue is that it sometimes to often crashes randomly, when I type something my keyboard would start glitching, popping up and down for a few seconds, it's annoying. Sending messages is still abit difficult, it's like it prevents you to send something in a quick speed, typing it is still abit slow. New bug I've currently encountered is sometimes when I reply to someone, it won't show the "turn ping off/on"
The automatic detection for the user actually speaking doesn't always work, instead constantly sending audio... I DO like that if I'm listening to something on the device, WITH A HEADSET it sends the music audio... That certainly helps with gaming, just not literally helps. There are a lot of apps that try to be a discord alternative but they all suck. What would people rather do, use a phone call to everyone playing...? No.
I love this app!! Especially for people like me who have NOTHING! I'm homeless and can't afford to pay for a phone every month. If it wasn't for this great app, I wouldn't be in contact with ANYONE! And I been trying for 2 years to get a place 2 live. I need a phone for that
First two time I get call noe I can't even with mins on. So. This app sucls monkey. Dick
No Monet support so looks really weird. Also there are delays in recieving and sending messages. Calls also don't connect alot of times.
My carmea doesn't work on discord on phone and my gf can't hear me when I call on phone but it work on computer
I like skype but the old version is way better beacause is all just comes to the sounds and style.
I love listening music with people in this apo but There are many spam that invite me to groups chat of 🔞
paid for, so remove the deceitful ad that this app is free.
Sometimes calls and texts are delayed as late as by 1 hr. This app would delay text but it shows as sent and received on the senders end. Calls just don't go through and shows as a missed call way later on the receivers phone. I would only use the app if what I needed to say or text isn't time sensitive.
But the video from my tablet is zoomed on the other side although very normal on my side.
This is the truth and also you can have a wonderful good time talking to your Friends and Family and community members and who's ever i send My love to this Single app ok much Love y'all H-Town.
Helpful slow
It's extremely hard to tell people to switch knowing their texting history will not import. That's gonna get me cussed out. I'm keeping it though for now.
Keep this forever
Would be better if it stop freezing.. Jus sayin
I really love the app as it's how I talk to my friends, but I'll be honest the new layout completely sucks, it changes basically everything and all my friends have complained about it as well, it's hard to even find your friends list unless you find it accidentally. When you go to messages you can't even tell who's online and who's not anymore. The new layout sucks
Good messaging and discussion app. Poor navigation and lack of customization,.
Totally waste of time
This helps me contact any family member i love text now
Esay to use and great messenger app.
Won't let me log into my account, but even when you reply, you're absolutely no help. Discord's support is awful. Don't download this. This app is way too extra. I logged in with my phone number, and it keeps asking for new stuff. Disappointing
It's should be able to translate
Man it was good I've never had a problem as of until now it will not let me log in I've been rocking my number for a while fix it
Was my go-to SMS app for the last several years. Dropping SMS support means dropping me as a user.
Very good app for communication when travelling. Also subscription comes at reasonable price.
I don't know what's going on but I downloaded the app and it keeps saying unable to find phone numbers
New UI is terrible and I uninstalled the newest version. I have an S22 Ultra and the sheer amount of crashes I had was unacceptable. No idea why they changed it. Worked perfectly fine before.
Need improvement on video call
Since the update with Samsung I cant open a chat from the notification anymore I have to go to the app
it wont let me call our text not even one time
I haven't used it much to give this app a higher rating. Maybe later. Thanks
Really good app but I have at least 10 call logs in that app of random incoming calls from unknown phone numbers. Sometimes I even get texts from them. Its really frustrating.
don't understand why a classification of sex or gender is needed to enter
No notifications
This App S u p e r! I have'nt tried-Yet!! Laugh-Out-Loud!! (SMILE). Jo,
This app has a very interrupting crash problem and not working properly. Pay attention on it to fix.
Terrible company! I've used them for years, but my account was recently disabled with no reason given and zero help from customer support. They couldn't care less about their customers. Avoid this company at all costs!
App is awesome, giving 2 stars because needs some features! 1- Send File feature should send images/videos uncompressed/in original resolution 2- Emojis need some work! The overall app experience is pristine, I havent faced any bug. It'd be awesome if you could revamp the emojis - a little fine tuning as they still look old. Other than that awesome job!
great app, works well. ive used it for years. normally would be a five star app but the new mobile layout is horrible. i have a galaxy s10e, the change happened earlier. please consider reverting to the old layout
Went to use it, signed in with my Google account and I get an error "account not created". No reason or anything, just account not created. Did the same thing with a different Google account. Moving on to the next app.
Needs the ability to switch from one account to another without having to log off, just like the Discord software. EDIT: Reply to the developer: Please re-read my review instead of asking me to get a ticket issued. Smh.
Discord u have to fix your goddamn verify phone number it keeps not let me verify it so please discord fix it and I hate it I really wanna go someone server named "Brodie's" I can't chat because of my phone number private policy
The UI had no reason to change and is objectively less accessible. The old UI was so nice.
This app constantly crashes or just doesn't respond
This was going well until I received a charge for overdraft. I can't find customer service either, no more than texting me.
Its wrks
If your a kid and your parents don't let you use their phone then you download this to use but you can't because you don't have a email or anything like that I am saying this to ili kids
Used to he good, a long time ago
At first it was great but now it sucks i can't get pictures and its really slow plz fix app
Please add a way to merge all old backup files, without making the database huge. The open source signalbackuptools can merge backups, but they end up being really large, due to duplicate files.
Unable to place or receive calls after 3 months of using this app. 😑
The app is very clunky. Not easy to use. The one great thing is the camera quality but the app heats up the phone real hot. I wish this could be fixed...
Everything was fine until Signal started creepily telling me which of my contacts were using Signal. I turned off permission to access my contacts, but who knows what else they did with that information. It's a huge privacy violation to broadcast to 3rd parties that you're using an app. Maybe Signal is vying to be the new Facebook.
This app is good for chat,talk I buy the nitro boost but when I want to change cover, "There was a problem updating your account"
Very buggy.
Just another group messaging app. They're all the same
new UI is garbage. so many bugs now
Terrible. The app is more glitchy than before. As well, they're taking money for this. They have zero customer support when I was trying to cancel my little sister's Nitro. Horrible company, horrible consumer treatment.
It's a great way to connect with others.
Absolutely horrible quality after 1 min you can't heat a thing and the call disconnects. Why would I pay when it doesn't even work for free?
Can't beat FREE
App. is junk! They are the dregs of the dregs, hiding audio ads under banners so that you can't get to the volume to shut it off. On top of that, they increase the volume louder than what your phone setting are AND THEN, buffer the ad so that you continue to hear it even after you've closed out the app!!! You either sit there and continue hearing it or uninstall the app. Update 4-2-23: sos, ads continue even app is closed.
Awesome!!It does what it says! Strongly recommend $$
Can't send messages anymore unless I loggout and log back in!! but it happens too often!! Plz fix ASAP!
No complaints here!
No browser app
Fkawless
Best app for meeting and online study with friends. Love this app. Sometimes it creates problems but it's ok. Otherwise it is a good app
Hi discord! I have been using discord (mobile) for some few months. The app is cool and easy to use, plus has cool features! Why I'm rating this 4 stars is because of bugs. I sometimes can't load chats even when I tried everything.
u bastard , u slept with my wife
Works great thumbs up
I couldn't receive any messages from work. When I tried to send a messafe to someone they didn't receive any messages from me too.
The icon fails to show on my phone.
terrible calling experience. google numbers are much better and more reliable. every single time i make a call after accumulating many minutes, it will ring only once then go mute on my end. if i recieve a call it will go mute on the callers end after 3 mins every time. very useless app and i do not reccomend it for any calls at all. texting works fine but like i said google has a much better texting and calling app
Please answer,answer please, Why does the program not ring to create a WhatsApp account?
They claim the number is free until they want to charge you $1.99 per week
A very easy way to keep on top of everything happening.
Not bad with the subscription
Amazing and happy to be able to talk
this is app is is amazing all though I don't know why they don't support Google play gift cards..
I can't get the update because there is not enough room on my old phone for all the mandatory Apps. Why can't I continue with the old version ?!
Earn minutes by doing surveys.
Great app like the disappearing message time settings.
Discord I love you in all like that's how I stay connected to my lover. Bit I can't frickin send images please fix it ^^
Used to great, but now they are removing support for SMS. I'm having to go help everyone I evangelized this app to with exporting their messages, deregistering their phone number with signal, and uninstalling the app. Really an absolutely awful idea on the part of the foundation running this app.
It can be ok and it sometimes sucks....
🎭Keep my phone self from spying ty god Bless 🎯
Texting my friend stopped working with the latest updates It used to be simple, now it doesn't work at all
Edit: Discord, stop. We know there's a way to "figure out" the new design. We know how to work it. It's just awful. Stop trying to save face and just revert the changes. Until then, I'm not updating. The new layout is objectively worse.
I use it for work. Enjoying it so far
keep having to uninstall and reinstall in order to have access to group voice channels...
Calls are usually decent quality, menus could be a lot user friendly. Paid plans you have to be very careful as they try to rip you off with automatic renewable subscriptions and sign ups for Office.
It's pretty good except you can't search for other servers
I've used this app for many years (nearly a decade) and have always loved that it allowed for a single "one stop shop" for all messages. Despite what Signal devs seem to think now, I never had any trouble understanding which message threads were or were not encrypted... This move to stop SMS support is not necessary, nor is it wanted (clearly -- just look at how many have said this exact same thing). Unfortunately, I too, even after nearly a decade, will apparently be deleting this app soon.
A lot like WhatsApp. Has a few features that are better than WA and some that aren't as good.
Well, it is an okayish app since the recent update, there's too much lag to connect my recent chats although im on wifi connection, and the notifications also seems to disappear and no more missed calls/vidcalls notification, sure there's a bugs somewhere, gotta love it if it fixed in the next updates.
The app is good, but the new update really made everything even more confusing. Which i dont like.
Removal of SMS cleaved my contacts list since most are too old to get used to a new messaging app, and flipping between them is really tedious so far. The three people I have on signal are also debating just leaving it at this point so that we aren't all stuck like this. Quite a shame as I liked the app very much.
Low quality photos and can't view gifs. Would purchase full version if I knew that would work?? Why the photos so low quality though. Update, can't even send links often such as Facebook links that I copied. Why, this is so weird!!! Useless app!!!
Terrible new ui. Downgrading my client just so I don't have to use it. In fact I already did so and it's actually working better. Don't "fix" something that doesn't need fixing.
Thanks for your patience and support..
Texting is great. However, calling is an issue. Every call I make has an echo on receivers' end, and when call is good, it gets dropped! I can't afford to keep adding minutes and calls keep getting dropped. Lately, calls are still dropped, breaking up or there's nothing ...like a muted call. Not to mention that when helicopters are landing at the hospital, I get the conversations!
Finally I have found my true love on Signal and TicToc. Thank you Signal
Blocks incoming messages unless you pay. Useless app.
I would rate TextNow a 3.8 of it was possible. It's one of, if not, the best free calling/texting apps I've tried. My two major issues with the app are the large quantity of ads and the speed at which the app operates(which can be a snails pace alot of times). However I could pay a small monthly fee to rid the app of all it's ads. So other than the few complaints the features of the app are amazing. Especially being able to sync your service carriers messages and contacts seamlessly to the app.
This is the worst app ever. Strangers are everywhere on this app and plus this notification sound is louder than my cuckoo clock. Good by to this garbage. I am always being charged and can never use the app at all.
Its tgood
Your app user friendly keep on improving
It wont  let me recieve pictures. Or when  I press enter on my keyboard to indent it wont it just sends. Pleasee fix asap
To coordinare a group and put plans in march
I had a baby last year and we have the whole family in a group chat so we can send videos we take of the baby to everybody at once. We love this app and we use it everyday ten times a day 😁
I have tried to get into text free but it won't work all I see is a Blank sceeen and it crashes when I first try to open the app up I uninstalled and I installed it again and it still does the same thing
I mean it's good but I've been trying to use it for clubs and one day I had the group then it logged me out of no where I logged back in and the group isn't there???
USE GOOLE VOICE INSTEAD This app doesn't do code verification it charges extra and too many adds. Google voice is the same but no adds or need to pay extra
I can't make a phone call all of a sudden it's telling me call rejected
It's a descent app to keep the texting just between the person your talking with
Look, if you're going to make us export our sms messages to another app, please implement the feature the day you tell us
free and easy to use
Loving Staying Connected
I love this app because it lets you call for free and cumunicate with people you know.
This app has really got to have updates more then once a year. Too many bugs and looks ancient
It won't let me call anyone, waste of an app
Not easy to navigate
pls let us change to old ui(it's so bad I cried), if you people never add that then I hope that every fursuit any of you furries at discord get will have permanent lice or something
This app is hang everytime in 5 min....
I can only do direct messages not see what the whole group is talking about except thru text messages....
I like it but I would like it even more if like you could delete your number and change it to a new one without having to logout completely
Fix your app, Send button randomly not showing i can't send messages properly
As others have stated, VERY buggy as of late. I recall awhile back, the app's developers had... quote "taken steps to improve the launch times of the app". However... after seeing how many times I've had to CLOSE AND REOPEN THE APP just to make it WORK PROPERLY... I'd rather go back to the super long startup time! Please consider this! The "need for speed" has caused the reply function to break, channels to not load/freeze, and messages to be sent with incorrect formatting/unexpected newlines!
I don't know why but when I try to send a message, it keeps saying "pending" or "sending," even though I can call and have a good connection. This lasted very long time. To get rid of it, I uninstall skype to keep fixing the problem. This happens rarely to me about the problem and the other thing is, it keeps logging me out when I was talking to someone in a call or in a text/typing. It would help if you guys could fix the problem I have, so I can give it a 5 star.
I reaaly like this app because you csn have a phone number just like on a landline
Notification won't come through no matter what anymore.it won't notify me when I get a message from anyone.......but other than that I like it very convenient for me at times .....
While I'm in a call my screen goes black. I can not disconnect call. I have to wait for other side to disconnect. Please fix
Developers, please blink twice if Elon Musk secretly bought Discord, made it worse, and kept you hostage.
The discord web application is great and the mobile app *used* to be pretty good but has since become far less usable after the UI update. The app is slow to load and will often "stick" to specific channels that it loads even when trying to select different servers or channels. The changes to things like the search functionality and DM location have also been detrimental to user experience.
Golden pony boy
Either my family don't know what they r doing or group me don't work cause I can not find their group even after linking to Facebook so I'm done !
Support is not helpful. Not getting issue resolved for close to a month. The person working on my issue went on vacation and the other agent told me to wait on her. Why don't you stop charging me until she comes from vacation too ?
This new update sucked and the updates keep getting worse. It's like they keep tryna reinvent the wheel but every time it gets worse and worse. You don't need to completely change the UI and app. This one update makes me go from a 4 star before to a 2 star now. Jesus christ.
great to have a group chat
The registration is failing over and over again, hope it will be fixed soon
Not sure why this is labelled as a "texting and calling app" considering the fact that calls won't notify you and will just immediately go to "missed call" unless you're in the app itself 24/7 (but that'd be ridiculous), and on top of that, 98% of the time your call will make it so the other person can't hear your audio after a minute or two has passed. Use this app for texting and nothing else, since calling is literally impossible to use properly without it bugging out or breaking completely.
I think this app is working on Android
It was good until redownload it. Now when you redownload the app all your information is still up with out logging in. I dont like that, what happens if somebody go on the app that you dont in your business? Pls fix that asap. Even when I log out and uninstall the app and redownload it I don't have to put no information in. That's not safe guys.
Great app! Easy to use.
I love the app but there's just 1 problem in the app....I once accidentally made a server and I couldn't leave so I had to make one of my friends owner then leave the chat. I would rate the app a 5 but this is a common problem for me, I hope this gets fixed in the future.
It's to hard to try out online and app
Bring back the old original UI!
Love this app thank you very much for very good Ave I would suggest a different
Easily one of my top five best an favorite apps to use for all my gaming communications. Way better than using any in-game game chat.
Where is my money????
Room to grow, but okay for the basics of group communication
Dear Developers, You are going away from the purpose, Signal was developed for secure communication, but now you are trying to monitize it with some rubbish features. Since the day Elon appreciated your work, You didn't published the APP SOURCE CODE, & you guys sell your sole to a CRYPTO COMPANY, just to make few dollars. Let it be truly OPEN SOURCE. Waiting for your reply
No issues so far
It's so easy to use
Please am fed up on this app, am about to sign up, this is the respond it back to me, You have exceeded the number of account that you are permitted to create please kindly put me through
This app keeps forgetting my user name so I can never  log in.
The texting is OK but I can never get around Wi-Fi
Why remove sms support that's the only reason I use this app. Literally so dumb.
liked it but... my tablet broke and i couldnt get it back and my textfree expired after 30 days i wish it would last longer
It's decent but it needs more work
Hey guys looks like you basically bricked my phone. I write code in Google docs, and I was explaining some to a friend on discord. My phone immediately crashed and would crash every time I turned it back on until I uninstalled the app completely and had someone flood the channel with enough messages to stop the code loading. This hasn't been a problem anywhere except discord. Was worried I'd need a factory reset. This app is so broken I'm willing to blame it for this.
The apps allow to connect me with my friends overseas.
EVERY SINGLE CALL I ever made with this app DROPPED!!! EVERY SINGLE ONE....
It's an alright app I guess, but I have an issue where I cannot change my banner with nitro no matter what, the app also has seems to just have endless amounts of bugs that are on and off in the app
Absoutely one of the worst apps i everv downloaded and signed up for. Again i have multiple multiple accts, can not access any of them and it tiresome at this point. Customer service is lousy. You can only request something from a company so many time before you have to reveal it for what its worth. Another phoney app created to steal access to your email accts and phone number. 1 star is to many at this point.
the new UI makes me want to burn my eyes and lobotomize myself. absolutely terrible…
App works good for texting but the calling part is very testy. I miss alot of calls from the app not ringing, it will just notify me I missed a call. Also cannot answer sometimes as I press answer and it doesnt do anything, have the same problem with hanging up sometimes I hit hangup and it continues the call and wont hangup and even after the person on the other end hangsup the call still shows as connected, closing the app does nothing and I end up having to restart my phone.
New tonit and so far so good.
It's a good app don't get me wrong but it always crashes every time I get out of screen share or if the app lags can you fix this please.
Might just be my device, but i can't download the app, ive tried several times and several days. Restarting does not work.other than that, no complaints other thsn boost amounts, should be 2 per month, not only 2 ever.
Latest updates made the app lag on weak devices, but overall, great.
Love the app but do not love all the scam text that's coming through. Sometimes it drains my phone battery
Great app. Only problem is that it does not ring unless i have the app open.
It's been really good to use for what to use it for! I've had no problems or issues with it yet!
Don't understand why it won't let users delete their own comments from the threads.
Useful, user friendly, works well, good quality but occasional static
Free with advertising
I love old discord. New discord app takes too much time to open and also take time to open chat messages. Its put too much load on mobile devices. Please update discord too lower version and make it simple.
Okay...I understand the need to change functionality. But, they have removed features that I found to be exceptional. Ability to move senders monitor around on the screen. The ability to make it slightly larger without the split-screen compromise. The application priority that kept Skype on when opening other applications. The bug that turns off the recipients camera when reverting back to a  screen Skype. Iwish I could revert back.
Would like a "live location" sharing option.
Used it for years, not happy with the changes. I get weird texts from unknown people and can't connect with the majority of my contacts. I'm not sure how it's supposed to be helpful if I have to use a different app for all my messages.
It wouldn't send the code and I'm just confused how it works
Boo this sucks it was good then i tried to upgrade and now it wont even open tf auugghhh...this suxs i cant text ma bf
I like this app so much
two days ago i received one of the worst visual uodates I've ever seen on any app. Discord in phone went from being organized and managable to looking like absolute dogshit. it's so annoying to use, i just don't use discord on my phone anymore
The ui design overhaul was impressive but it's not intuitive or user friendly at all. I do not like how you can't see all your servers at once anymore and how the main home screen separates everything out rather than having a birds eye view of everything. I would highly suggest going back to the old version.
How did everyone down the chain of command in this company allow quite possibly the worst devolution of a software update to ever be released to the public
Been good but hoard to the locked in number and still can't get verifiable codes
I had a problem with an email being booted off of one phone and sent to another one.
I used to love this app. Used it all the time. Now they are dropping Android devices, which is all I use. I don't have the money to go buy something that has a different OS.
Ever since the voice message update my input volume from my mic has been incredibly low. I have to yell into my mic for it to be picked up at all, and even then it's very quiet. The mic works fine on every other app. This app has become very vital for my daily life and not being able to use it to speak has been very difficult for me.
Good app its basically a way you can make new friends online even when your an introvert or so but my discors recently got deleted by itself (idk why?) when i download it, it says cant download discord like bro i have such all good online friends and they probably be worried google or discord pls fix it!
I use this app almost all the time, but the mobile version got an interface update that wasn't necessary and made certain things not work and more confusing. You know what they say, "if it ain't broke, don't fix it."
Good way of group communication
I opened it and it instantly sent me to my home screen with no warning like usuall please tell me how to fix it
Latest update is trash. Hate the new layout
Disappointing user interface, constantly breaks and completely unintuitive
It is a great way for groups to communicate, but it kills my battery.
Nice for group messaging, but definitely not without it's bugs.
I really love this app. It's perfect and easy to use
Discord really doesn't understand the meaning of "If it's not broken DO NOT FIX IT". Stop changing stuff that doesn't need to be changed. I will never update discord if you guys keep messing up the UI. The pc version is fine.
It was always slow while other app$ were fast
I love the app so much ❤️
Very useful
I can receive messages from a particular person but they can't receive anything from me. When I call them it rings once then goes to voice-mail. They call me just fine. Ive been using this number for almost a year and now having issues. This app used to be perfect. I need this issue fixed!
New update layout is mid
Very good app to talk and hanging out
I like this app but this new update kills it like you have to do so sm for everything
Force me to review? hope you like my answer
Great messenger for both Windows and Mac
Very Good app usability for quick messages.
Video not good low clarity
Difficult receiving video call, unorganized layout. Lost skype contacts. Not happy
Nice to have spair phone
Sometimes I don't get the notifications.
It sucks
this app has been a gift from God, my service was stolen by a homeless girl, she barrowed my phoneand managed to lock me out of it.ad I couldn't get back in it. so I just wanted to say thank you so much. Dovie Najara.ps if a girl named tifiny Kubli wants to use your phone think first.
Frustrated because I never get my texts until an hour later. I have to keep refreshing and refreshing just to see if I have received anything and also if someone calls me, the phone does not ring
As soon as the app launches it takes over my Bluetooth sound like it's on a phone call. Even happens when I'm logged out. Makes the app completely unusable. Edit: was an issue with beta. Didn't realize I was using beta.
They put a desktop UI on a mobile phone. Doesn't work at all. Go back to what you had! After more time with the update, it's worse than it seemed. Sometimes the app lags my pixel 6 pro, so imagine what it's doing to older devices. It also does not play well with android's scrolling screenshot feature. This app is garbage
I keep getting added to groups text somehow and getting like 300 text. Can't figure out how they get my number or how to stop them. Always says it's from group me.
Crashes constantly.
Wow just fabulous
I love discord, which is one of the reasons I'm here. I'm having few bug issues where I cannot click on emojis and type properly. Yes, I verified that it's only discord problem. It started happening exactly after I updated the latest update. Please, check it out for me
I'm 50mins deep in voicenoting and it drops, unprovoked. Why???????
So far so good 😎 Great app!!
call, video quality **** user interface * features Android version ** User Interface- starts up in Chat mode. You see your last video call there, click on it, nothing happens because your just in Chat. Features hidden to make UI seem simple. Big problem with non-computer savvy users e.g. grandparents want to see their kids. They get in weird situations by accident which are very difficult to tell them to fix- they switch to Chat mode, just see their own video , turn off video or (worst) audio. Sometimes seems impossible to arrange mutli person's video windows as desired. Android version (only option for Chromebooks)- no screen share, other features missing
Any I try Oops something went wrong ,I can't open the app at all... it's not helping me all
Notifications don't work.
Good way to talk to family and friends with out data
God it's a lifesaver
This app is alright if you don't have service and can only use your phone when it's connected to wifi but there is a fairly long delay in message transmission time and half the time the voice calls are choppy and drop
Terrible! Had to come back and edit my review. Used to be good, but now ad content covers half of my text messages. Plus the video ads play loud automatically if your phone isn't on silent. Uninstalled!
this app is great y'all I tell everyone I know
Such a great app to chat with your friends with
Discord team, please i beg you to fix the bug of my discord app. I was trying to have a normal conversation in the vc with my closest online friend but suddenly the discord kicked me out of the vc by itself, i tried multiple times to get back in the vc but it didn't work, it keeps doing the same thing. Not only that, i was chatting with them again but it suddenly blocked them so randomly and there's this screen says "No text channels." I'd be appreciated if you fixed it, thank you for reading.
Its a good app, But it has some features i dont like so i only gave it 4 stars
good application
Unable to Send or Recive Messages But Calling is working. PLEASE FIX IT
Can't recharge How to recharge
Not receiving text notifications or any text at all
This app is a life saver because without it I wouldn't have a way to contact people at all... I would be left with no options other than to get dressed and leave my house, forced to step foot into the cold, dark, nightmarish Hellscape that is the world. This app is a perfect example of the phrase, "you get what you pay for." For the concept and utility, I would give it a give star. The problems start to surface when rating it against other apps and functions of any phone, in which case it's no prize pig...
Anyone else having issues with this app? Seems to get stuck a lot.
It's still a work in progress. They just need to add more levels and put different scenarios of hunting, but a cool game.
Service with the internet is not what I expected.
It won't work for me
Recent discord UI change disrupted my flow through the app and will be uninstalling until I can revert it. I needed those functions to quickly navigate to various members of my dev server. I almost never use/need the reply function so making it take over the "swipe" function is mind boggling. Please bring back the function to revert to the old UI. This does not work for those of us who use the app professionally. Simply not using the app is much less of a headache.
Every thing is very good but there is a problem with mobile application in mobile application there is no option to join public server but in desktop application there is...
A good way to give away your information - - - - - Edit to Response: I did not state that you gave away our information. I stated that we give it away; to you. 🎓
Bro please add the public server search option
I've had this app for almost a week and I haven't been able to make a single call or answer one. app constantly crashes and takes forever to load most of the time. very disappointed.
2 star review per the new update the app still functions but some of the layout changes are awful and make the app much harder to use, the old layout was 4 to 5 stars the new one gets a 2, calls seem to randomly switch input sources without warning as well, just wish I had turned off automatic updates so I wouldn't have had to get the update at all
Its cool to be in multiple chats...and I can mute them when I dont want to get dings or notifications popping up.. I feel like sometimes when it updates it only updates for some of my newer groups but not my older ones like on some of my groups I can upload 60-second videos and others is just says 30 seconds LOL.
Update: now able to upload pics. Great way to communicate with a group at one time. This app has been great to use up until this past Saturday. I can no longer attach pictures and send to the group. Very frustrating.
Wonderful app.
I've been using this app for a few years now and it's always had its problems but this latest update has broken it. I'm not getting notifications, messages are either disappearing or cutting off, when I do get notifications they don't clear unless I manually clear them, and that's just the stuff off the top of my head. I am restarting the app a dozen times a day to be able to see messages, and if my notifications are too quiet I get suspicious and check to find I've missed dozens of messages.
Difficult to set-up and navigate. No help in app
UI update is absolutely atrocious. I want: •To start on my discord server list •To see the members list on a server when I swipe from the right (like how it used to be) •An easily accessible QR code login button without having to go on a quest to find it The app was okay before, but now it's just a chore to use/navigate.
Very bad reception. Cutting in and out. I haven't been able to depend on it for work purposes.
the two extra stars are for the old mobile discord, the new layout is SO CONFUSING AND THE UPDATE MADE MY PHOTOS SEND TO ONLY ONE GROUP CHAT WHEN I WAS TRYING TO SEND IT SOMEWHERE ELSE, the pc version is now a lot better than the mobile one since they both used to be quite similar, making it easier to navigate. id give ilf discord 5 stars but the new one is just no.
Oldest yet Slowest app
Vary good app for meeting
Excellent app for communicating with groups of people
Works fine for text channels and everything, sometimes has issues refreshing content. When it comes to voice channels, it will randomly switch from Bluetooth output to phone speakers and you can't switch it back.
Average service
It takes a long time to download
It's good because can afford to see everyone
Getting notifications from channels I don't have notifications on. No setting to disable these and they appear to be poorly made with AI. Really annoying, will probably uninstall.
Good experiences better than WhatsApp in terms of security and privacy 🔏
I bought a number but I didn't get it and I have been debited , what do I do?
Could be improved. Fix the report system, and deal with scammers.
The problem I had which really the developers to fix is the app crashes when i'm typing for too long.
Very helpful
Great App!! I've been using Skype for ages!!! 3 star rating cuz I do not get notifications, making me log in to the app everytime I wanna see if someone's text me or called me... Please fix...
It's a good app to use when you want privacy and it's doesn't have any glitches
it randomly updates its interface and it's so annoying especially when it's so confusing and frustrating to use
Works perfectly well, both video and voice calls are so clear.
Group calling
missed call... texts are off synch that I write and the reply is delay or
Why is it taking so long to download? Did I make sth.wrong?
This is god but in this app voice is not clear
App isnt responding well and getting freeze on every frame
not happy worked good before not now dosent work a hassle to use
Old one was batter new one is trash in mobile nlg its actually trash and ugly
It's good app but I thing thr annoy me I'd verification so would you remove verification
The reviews for this app pretty much explain all that anyone in their right mind would need to NOT download this app, know this app sucks!! Hoping TextNow: Call is terminated sooner than later. What a joke!
The search feature within conversations doesn't work very well. When I look up key words that I know have definitely been mentioned in the chat, either no results show up or it shows maybe one or two but not the particular message I was looking for (even after checking for misspellings multiple times) A more minor thing is that I hope there will be a wider range of emojis or at least make some of the existing emojis look less... weird (mostly the ones with faces, idk they just creep me out)
Good overall.
I love using Discord, I use it every day for messaging and voice calling my friend because it has been the most convenient app to do so on. However, the new updates revamped UI has only added new bugs and difficulty of use. The app constantly crashes or won't load without a restart; marking notifications as read, well, it's a 50/50 chance that even works; though to do that you'd have to get your notifications. This is all on top of just hating the new UI that makes it clunky to use Discord.
I was finally able to get discord to work so I'm boosting it up to four stars thank you and your welcome
Experience has been smooth. Would be nice to be able to use multiple accounts, in a similar way Twitter or Instagram operates.
App works great whenever it connects with wifi
Terrible. Signed up and confirmed my account but I can't get a number. It's not free.
I would give it a 5 star if it would just let me post pictures or if it would not freeze on ky constantly. I know tech might say its your wifi connection maybe but when u are litterally right next to the wifi or have unlimited internet acces it hard to belive.
I downloaded the ap, paid the $4.99 + tax, selected ph #. Tried to make a test call, recording stated that this number is no longer in service.
Still yet to utilize this app even though I have updated to the latest version. I still can't sign in, and I am using a WiFi connection.
Before the update it would take a little while to start. Now ever since the new update it wont start. I dont want to find a new app like this. Please fix this bug quickly
The messages come in late or sometimes not at all.. and when I logout and log back in it deletes random messages and pulls up old ones.
Why the contact list is not the first thing you see and you need to go under a deep menu to find the contacts? Awful. I like Skype call quality, clearly the best but this UI with no fast link to the contacts y really bad.
Useless without sms unless you're a spy or a criminal. It might be worthwhile again when the number of people using it grows by 2 orders of magnitude. Nags and ads are ridiculous. Stop it!
Deleting this app right now. I keep getting calls from unknown numbers. If I haven't given the number out, there should not be any calls coming in. Sounds like spam.
Discord team, I'm disappointed in you. The Mobile activities no longer work, the UI is buggy and feels like a pre-alpha that was never meant to be released. Mobile and desktop are no longer compatible. It's a data and Internet straining black hole. If this is the path that you're choosing to go down then I'm sorry to say that these past 5 years will be the last. Make the new UI a choice, not a requirement and stop trying to be every other platform. That's not why people chose you.
My Account Got Block i lost all my data and contacts in the name Term and Codition i'm using the service since 2 years
calling problem always occurs always takes more time for calling sometimes call doesnt connected
Garbage redesign, revert or give us the option to change between designs
Don't really work rite
My minutes are gone before im done talking.
Its an ok app
Thanks I great new phone I like it ❤️
I can't pin more than 50 msgs. Why? Wth? Fu!
I just started so not much to say.
I love using discord, it's the only social i use to comminicate. But this new ui update is horrible, it's making things more inconvenient and it doesn't even feel like discord anymore. It's really annoying to use discord now, i hope you guys change it back to normal.
"Hello", How was trip 57
Skype is awesome for calling and screen share. But some times I don't get notified for message and call.
Auto changes number! I was trying to verify an account and before my eyes, this app auto changed my number about 5 times. Deleted!
Bardly works
I would get zero Stars if I could I downloaded this text FREE app and was charged $10.98 I immediately canceled the app but was still charged for an app with Ads!
From last few days i'm able to sign into skype but App isn't Updating any chats. If i turn my Wi-fi/mobile data Off and turn it on again to connect,It isn't connecting. Installed the lastest version but still problem remains. Please fix this issue.
Better than others
Why would your service send a text to the number I'm texting ?  Telling them "to stop receiving pinger texts reply here" !
Good app but they banned my account without reason
Used to be the perfect app, but they are removing the SMS integration which means it unfortunately becomes unusable for most of my family. Please keep this feature.
This T. N. app is really a life saver for me...., so far it's just little things that are upsetting.. I'll get to that later in my next review ..., 😏.., there are a few bugs...., in my....,so called..,🤨😒..," Smart Phone"..,and .. my TextNow app... that slow my phone's speed...., 😃.., But..., TextNow.., gets the job done.... 👌😉....!!!!
I have to update it or else it keeps crashing
Just installed the app let see how it goes
It's a cool app but now it won't let me open the app. I've tried freeing up storage, updating the app, uninstalling it and reinstalling it, resetting my device, but no use. Please fix this.
Like many others, I'll say dropping sms is a deal breaker for me.
I am a teacher, and this is the perfect way to communicate with a group of students without giving out your phone number and using text messages. It worked perfectly for a retreat we run with a team of adults and student leaders, both for planning meetings before the retreat and communicating at the event itself. I can't recommend highly enough for leaders of school groups!
Pretty good overall. It.wpuld be nice if added posts more.clearly.mapped to events rather that it all being just a stream.
The amoled mode is in experimental for years, and, in 4 years of use, no notice about when this is gonna be a truly option, without being experimental
3 stars bc i lost my first account or no reason but pretty good otherwise
Very nice but There is no admin in the group who controls Number group calling members should be increased more than 25 person We cannot see all persons's face in video conference in mobile
My opinion on this app is that it gets the job done and my score of it reflects that (3/5 stars), it doesn't feel intuitive and doesn't do anything spectacular.
On my old phone, loading images from the gallery sometimes took ages, that was my only gripe with the app. On my new phone and apart from that gripe it's really amazing, better than WhatsApp in image quality and very ergonomic to use, plus of course the big security benefit.
Downloaded the app on my phone and it was great. Easy to connect and use. Synced the app to my PS5 and Sony Account and ever since have had a world of issues. Generally comes down to not being able to be heard but can hear everyone else in the lobby. Not sure where the disconnect has happened but hope it can be resolved soon.
Was my default messaging app for years but with SMS support going away I'm not going to bother with it. Barely anyone I know uses Signal and most people don't bother switching messaging apps. It's nice when others use it to take advantage of the encryption but I'm not going to bother keeping track of who to text on what app.
intrusive ads
Very good and I can talk with somebody without having any other things happening
This app over all is amazing. I would give it a five. The problem is that even though I have the notification s turned on, it is not alerting me, and I am not able to see very important messages till days later.
My experience with Signal over the years has been generally quite positive. It has seamlessly managed plain unencrypted messaging with encrypted messaging and it has always been obvious to me which one is which. For this reason it has been a no-brainer to set Signal as my default messaging app on any Android device I happen to be using. The decision to stop supporting unencrypted messaging though means that it won't be my default messaging app anymore. Which means I won't be using it as much...
3 stars for good texting quality. Could gave it 4 stars if u could send pics, and could give it 5 stars if you could send video but 3 is all I'm giving it
Could be better
Doesn't explain how to use text messaging.
it's easy and simple to use
Terrible, so confusing. Doesn't work when you're trying to join groups or just locks you out of the app.
Didn't like the set up at first with this new update but I got used to it until I switched to super dark mode and it basically mixed up both the new and old layout, which made it hella confusing. I can't hardly call anyone as none of the in-call setting buttons will actually let you click on them half the time. And I certainly can't video chat any of my friends. They can see my feed, but I can't see theirs at all no matter what we try. We even checked phone permissions too, and they were on!!
Excellent call Quality...only needs optimal light for night call and text section adjustment. It dosn't show online and offline time. It should must be added.
It's nice for texting but you have to watch ads for minutes to make calls. There is another app out there that let's you make as many calls as you want without having to watch ads.
good app, I love it:>
Why i cant verify my number is correct code why uncorrected
I can't get through to people
Ha Its good I guesses
Love the app&the service network get a little slow at times but other than that I love signal
Worked okayish for months, suddenly it's incapable of sending videos of any length which was really the only reason I used it to begin with. No amount of troubleshooting on my end has helped, so as of right now this app is pretty much useless
Glad text is free but calling isn't. needs calling minutes which is stupid when you said it was free to call any number. Can't hear my boyfriends voice now.
Worst thing is you don't even know we have been blocked on signal as it is showing double ticks. It should deliver msg as a single, if we are blocked so that atleast we stop messing the other person other wise ok Plz update any new features .
Dependable around the world.
It's been almost a month that I'm not able to send text messages. I'm only able to receive them. It works every other day but only for a couple of minutes. Is anyone having that problem... Please!!! Help
I do not like it everytime i try to sighn in it say wrong password after logging in like 10000000000.times it finnaly lets me in.😡
I find your description on google play dishonest! I signed up to get a telegram account but NOW I find I have to sign up for the subscription to get a verification SMS.
It isnt working
The mobile interface changes are horrifically bad. Navigating from one channel to another is now a laborious (and often impossible task), the display repeatedly shows me a user's profile I blocked weeks ago when I boot the application, and attempting to join a call on mobile is a singly futile endeavor, as you'll never be able to hear what anyone else is saying. If you haven't started using it, don't. Find an old .apk to install with, as the developers have stated that they won't go back.
It's an amazing app I can speak with all my friends!<33
My discord keeps on stopping again and again even if I uninstall and then again reinstall the same thing keeps on happening.
havent used yet
The app is good but the problem is this new update it does add great features like midnight mode but now when I try to click on a notification it would mess up (nicely put it) and not let me see my response and do alot of annoy glitch poops (nicely put it) please fix the update or just reverse the update and fix the glitches and release it I have a hard time responding to messages and using gifs and daily actions
It automatically logs me in and forces you to pick a number but I already have one. I can't even see what the login is before it goes straight to select a number. Can't stop it from auto logic. Tried clearing the cache, data, force stop and then I uninstalled TN and restarted and shut off my phone and still it goes to select a number. Its an endless loop. Text now works on my pc but not my Samsung A32. Tried logout of all devices from my pc but it doesn't log my cell out.
Not unlimited as advertised. Only get 60 minutes. False advertisement.
plzz recocder apshan
New UI is terrible
Great App.👍...
Suddenly Skype is closing on its own. It will not allow me to save video from recorded conversations. I've tried clearing cache and data, reinstalling, restarting the phone, all to no avail.
The site has poor service and the call keep droping and my wifi is high speed and full phone bars
I've been a Skype user for many years but I really don't like this new version. It has too many unnecessary features. It keeps on lagging and crashing. It slows down my phone. I hope you can make a simpler version like what Facebook did. Something like Skype Lite or whatever you want to call it. As long as it only has the basic features, that would be better. I hope you can give users like me an option.
Add pop ups are terrible with this app how can you block add for free so isn't so slow.
Slow with chat history, wasting a lot of resources when loading it. And now it has a UI bug in the main screen, the first conversation is overlapped by the header where it specifies my account/search bar.
I can't complain to much for a free service. All you need is a WiFi and you can add more minutes by just watching videos.
Better than other apps, but could be better.
I got a new phone and now am unable to message my contacts. The safety numbers won't coincide with my preexisting contacts.
Calls drop constantly. Glad it's free because I wouldn't pay for this level of service.
I like the privacy. It's the best communication app for me having family miles away. I always have a strong signal to send texts & have phone conversations. Thank you.
quite stable, for me this is important
Discord isn't working again for phone! :(
Have to buy minutes
If yalll don't lemme text, bc ons yall trippin talm bou "your account is limited at this time" like helloooooooo I ain did shii wrong
This app is broken!!! I log in to my account and it just shows a white screen!!!
You're mobile app sucks balls, simply because of the pop up box that comes when you are on a call with someone. Is there any way to get rid of that damn thing?
better privacy and more accurate calling with text and call app.
No sms. Very bad.
Good than the before
Had to reinstall and lost all my prior messages.
It keeps stopping
I appreciate having an app like this or I would not be able to make or receive calls and texts. It would be super if they can work out some of the frequent problems with most calls. Texting works much better.
Get most notifications, but not all of them
New to the app, i needed it for my business and verification code. They wont give me my verification code, they sent nothing at all
they've run out of useful features to add so they just keep piling on useless cash grabs. turning off auto-updates before they make it any worse
Too many dropped calls
Problems are weird
This app would be great if I wasn't having so much problems! Won't send messages or recieve them from time to time. Constantly restarting my phone just to send a text. Most of the time it drops a phone call or echos during a call. Please fix the quirks! Other wise I like the app.
Love to use the app but they keep adding more stuff and it seems to be breaking everything else it a genuine problem if u see this comment i recommend not adding any more or else this will start working about as well as fallout 76.
Great App! I do wish that people could delete posts.
Why TF does it ban your account randomly it banned me 3 times in different accounts.
Awesome app plenty bang for your buck. Ive only experiencesed one flaw and that is dropped calls. Do any of you guys know anything about a ¢.99 sim card that textnow offers if leave a comment.
Number lapses too quickly, please have it remain in account for some more time... Apart from that great service... No complaints whatsoever...
Real good
Half screen video ads that play non stop and the numbers can't receive texts until I pay money.
Exceptionaly Dependable!
This new update makes it hard to see whose online and how to get to messages. I really don't like it. Why fix something that didn't need to be fixed. Also dealing with alot me glitches since the update
to slow
'm TV study it
I Had a Really Good Phone Number I was using for years it wasn't even 30 days n my number was changed I will pay to have it Back But there is no Way To Gethelp to Get it back.
It was amazing till the new update. The app was working well till a couple hours ago and now I can't send any pictures. Tried to send the same ones from this morning and nothing was sending. Please fix this
it's fine, but can't be on several mobile devices (phone and tablet) the way it works/links with the desktop app on my laptop
It just works
Not free! you must buy minutes. Stay away!
This app is poorly designed. If you upload an image it constantly fails no matter if im on a mobile network or wi-fi. Same goes for videos. The notif for the img/vid not posting is stuck until you delete the app. For some group chats im always sent back to messages several months prior so i have to scroll an eternity just to get to the current. Notifications sometimes dont pop up but when i open the app they all appear at once. The app compresses videos heavily if they are over 1mb. Bad app
please add the soundboard on Android discord too plss
No verification codes
It's crazy that you guys thought people would like the new UI, it's not even a matter of getting used to it, this is so horrible inconvenient to use that every time I get frustrated with the stupid swiping features I genuinely wonder why I still use the mobile app. I keep trying tk be optimistic and hoping you'll change it back, but every day I wake up disappointed. Why won't you just listen to your users and fix the issues that NEED fixing? Did you want us to have MORE issues? Bruh.
Would have been a 5 stars but it's not bc it does not have a face time feature unless there is one I just don't see it
Used this app for years it was amazing but the new update makes it almost unusable I haft to restart it so much now just to do 1 thing. Edit: yes I restarted my phone discord and it's still almost unusable
Get my messages late or never and its the app, not my network.
It was great before the most recent update, now it is a pain in the a** to simply call a person
It took a very long time for me to get this updated layout. It is absolutely awful.
Stop asking me to rate leave me alone
Hi there
No support for multi-window or popup mode.
Horrible when pressing the numbers the sound would keep going unless I pressed pause
It's ok the issue i have usually at night when I text someone it will say sorry your message can not be delivered and it's really annoying
Good app so far
I run MIUI based on Android 5.0.2 as it is the preinstalled software of this phone and when I reinstall this apk it doesn't show me the chats I had on the same account before deleting the app except for the first one
Good app, but I lag and it crashes when I go to a forum X(
I love everything about this app, the easy quick messaging, the way you could mute just one channel in a server. The only problem I have is that I can't send most videos bc they're too large. I'd buy nitro, it's a good price, but it's not fair that I don't have the money to spend on it. Other than that it's fun to use! 😁
Amazing app, always love the new feature updates. I've been on this platform since 2014 and I love it!
Terrible App, Extremely buggy!
new mobile interface is revolting and quite literally unusable i don't even know when people message me anymore because of the stupid microscopic blue dot change it back i swear to god 👎
They only remove features to add useless bloat. For example most recently they removed the ability to use a separate mic input from your audio output, resulting in terrible audio quality with Bluetooth. They also choose to make the UI less intuitive moving commonly accessed features behind multiple menus.
I can't get into the app. It'll load the screen, have the texts in display then exits out. I tried clearing the cache, restarting my phone several times, still nothing. I need help.
Works good and easy to use.
I had the same issue as many others have mentioned. I had to uninstall the most recent version and installed a previous version to get up to date messages sent to my phone. I downloaded 5.50.7 version and that resolved the issue of the recent updates.
When I speak with someone it always sounds like I'm speaking with an automated voice. Repeating the some of the same questions.... That's really ignoring. 😬🥶☹😫😫😫😫😤
this is a wonderful app if you don't have a phone
25% of the time I will just randomly stop working and not be openable for like 1 day on every device that has the account on it 😠 it's not an connection issue ether I'm tired or it and it's annoying
Horrible layout, forced on users without any feedback prior. The new layout is stupidly buggy even for discord, no one asked for it; no one wanted it. There's no way to opt out. It takes 5 taps to do something that used to take one tap/swipe. Many features are now just gone or broken on mobile. Maybe they could focus on fixing 5+ year old bugs, or better yet, hire better staff with that $500M they made last year to actually deal with the pedo problems? Nah. Gotta rake in that money. Shameful.
this one of the best texting app
It works great!
Discord just unuseable now. Deleting app. This fkig restarted app dev, needs bullets, or to retire. & it THIS IS everytime discord does an update release too. EVERYTIME. If they would've spent even 3 seconds to check this update, these updates wouldn't ever be out
Previous rating was 5 stars. Now it is 1 since they are changing it so we can only text other people with their app. Ridiculous!!
I'm freaking downloading the game right now wait it's not a game Sorry Sorry it's actually an app Skype is awesome I love it
Privacy great
Discord is good app 🙂
Helpful for the team.
This app exploited me and my family through a code hack learned in get hub...
Trash, got to pay for it
THE NOTIFICATION NEVER APPEARS IN MY PHONE! Out of 10 events, only 2 notifications exist. The rest 8 never appears! And my phone dont have many notification blocking it. My phone is a Note 8, superb enough to receive messages and notification! Idk why my friend chose GroupMe for our Architecture studio group despitr its lack of notification pop ups. I never turn of the notification nor I enable the "Do not disturb" button. I kept telling my friend to move to Whatsapp but he didnt listen. I QUIT, GroupMe!
This is very easy way for earn
I don't wanna to say the new layout is bad but its better to be optional . Also the massage search system and members list are going hard to use and crazy . Pls just fix the guffy bugs before made any changes in the shape of app
Updating this review due to updates and issues. good app but it's still got some issues. It still gets stuck in cropped landscape mode ( when playing a full screen landscape orientated game, switch back to discord, images posted only show the left side of the image when you hold your phone in portrait orientation. Kill discord and restart it or hold the phone in landscape to see the images with auto-rotate on. It also shows the channel you were on even after switching to another sometimes.
Love but please remove / make the new navigation with Chats/Calls toggable. Navigation bar size = disable. Takes away space, in my opinion useless. Requested several times on forums, email etc. Thank you??
I OWN THE RIGHT
Laterally No Ads, Thats Incredible
I'm new to signal and so far it's good, but it's missing a few things for example the support for message restoration and backup, a different emoji layout because they remind me of Whatsapp 🤦🏽‍♂️ i'm really looking forward for New updates and new features.
Very nice for talking to friends.
Exclusive this app
I think it's a great app .. keeps all my groups organized and keeps everybody informed and updated quickly .. really helpful app ..
It's good for getting a massage out quick. Simply to use. I like it.
This was previously one of the best phone apps out there, now it's completely useless without SMS support. I'm going to have to tell all of my friends and family that they better delete Signal and migrate their data before this causes them headaches. I'm giving Signal 1 star because they've abandoned the original purpose and intent for almost all of their users. Have a nice life.
Would love an option like what one of their competitors has. Reserve your number for $12 a year, but you still get ads.
from the look of multiple reviews of chromebook owners, its a sad shame to note, most developers work at cross platform use (leaving out chrome OS entirely,not even decent pwa functionality) perhaps someone at dischord is reviewing the reviews and aware of the platform inadequacies ,aiming to solve them asap.. before I experience them too ,somehow doubt that much though.
Please change the way I share photos and other gallery media to something similar to whatsapp or other chatting apps your's is very clunky and has bugs where even after clicking an image it doesn't appear in the window and either takes 10 seconds to appear or doesn't and I have to retry taking an image.
Slow, unresponsive, and recently almost unusable. Logs me out randomly, "connecting" for ages.
Excellent for keeping in touch with my partner as we live 100 miles apart at the moment
keeps me updated with my East coast family.i
Notifications do not work
I have updated discord right now when I went to vc the normal voice was so slow than before, In the speaker and phone mode both cases Manage this issue as soon as possible
I hate that I can't delete messages or block people. So primitive
I don't like being told to change my name, getting rid of the 4 numbers at the end. I'm gonna keep them, and that's a promise. I don't care that you want me to change it, I don't care why you want me to change it, *and I don't want to have to back out of a prompt telling me to change my name when I launch the app.* I don't want to have to say any of this again. To those that read these reviews and respond to them, from the bottom of my heart, stay hydrated, stay safe, and have a good day!
Just another messaging app. Also video calls. It is easy to use. Hopefully it's as safe as it claims to be. J
Doesn't work anymore, incoming calls ring but when you answer it the app crashes and hangs up. I paid for the subscription.. not worth anymore.
It do not notify me until I open the app I keep missing messages
Not only is the new UI absolutely ugly to look at, it actually functions worse than the previous one. Previously it was easier to switch from DMs to Servers because they were all contained in the same general area. Now, to go from a DM to a Server takes significantly more time to do. Not to mention how badly changing everything messes with the user's muscle memory. If you haven't had the misfortune of updating yet, don't.
I love the app but it does not have facetime then i would give 5 stars
Buggy? Doesn't describe how bad it is. When receiving a call that requires a number push on keypad it doesn't work. I use this app to call customers but when I call a customer and it says anything like " enter the extension number" nothing happens when I press the key. Nothing. I'll not be paying for the premium service now. I'll look for a new app.
GIVE WHAT A PAID , I.E. AT LEAST TO BE WORKING W GOOD WI-FI I received many unnecessary interruptions
Unfortunately I rely on Skype for the most basic function, phone calls for my business. latest updates means I do not get incoming calls. just a suggestion 'get the basics right first' if they don't work then what's the point? This used to be a great app but since Microsoft can't decide what it really is or really does, has been going backwards fast.
Scanning QR codes is inconsistent.
Works ok for talking to people far away.
I received a call from someone claiming they got a call from me when I haven't made a single call using the app. Not impressed, removing app as I type.
if i didt talk for a few month there i well lost my hold entire accont and even the password mannager saved password didt work if u think i have being hack that mean all of my account is hack i littely lost 3 and is the securty so weak to defend there of my account form being hacked if u think so then discord is never safe
I loved it but Sometimes its laggy and stoped working
I 💕 ve This app
Now me personally I don't usually have a problem with discord but now I do. Discord started not connecting and not loading, then it didn't show chats so I tried to fix it by installing and reinstalling it but it just made me log out and made it not make me use it at all anymore. Please find a solution to fix this please
Just awesome, really I mean it. I've had the same number for about 4 years now, service is never unavailable and the app never crashes. Thanks for a great service and sturdy built app
For the longest time I've been the biggest supporter of signal but unfortunately no more. They have decided that the attempt for a prefect product will remove one of the best selling points for their application. By dropping SMS support, even though unencrypted, allowed not only myself but countless others to combat 'app fatigue' by combining multiple apps into one. Now they are just another generic encrypted messaging app unable to be told apart from whatsapp, telegram, and countless others
I can't get in..and no one can find me.....
New update is very laggy on my galaxy note 5
Trash. Doesnt work
I have only this version of text now on my play store someone has removed the v Correct versions or edited the original app . I've had Uninstaller reinstall apps 3 x. And all the set up settings are deleted from app a builder app is in place. Please find the secondary culprits " developer" poser, fining apps across Samsung and Google. Somewhere in las vegas.
Awesome way to communicate with my daughters travel team!
Hello, I'm having a problem with the app, when i try to mention the person, my discord lagged out of nowhere
It gets the job done but I'm sure there are better apps out there. 9/10 whenever I get a new message I'll see the notification for the message but when I click on it the message won't show up in the message thread, and the only way to solve this is to clear my cache and data EVERY SINGLE TIME a message gets lost. So that part eats up a lot of time and enthusiasm for keeping up a conversation.
This app its pop up ( something went wrong ) while signing in my textnow number since 4 days ago, kindly do something about it, issues like (something went wrong usually occur when the app update is out but the upgrading is not yet out on playstore
Bare bone app that struggles to load messages consistently
The new UI is terrible, before the update to the UI was made, the app was simple and easy to navigate. An example of this is if you wanted to see who is active on a server, all you had to do was swipe right, now if you swiped right, it's a way to reply to a previous message, something that could be done by tapping and holding said message, so in this case, the new UI took away a feature and added a completely redundant one. There are more cases similar to this, but I'm out of room to type.
Idk about it kinda good
So easy to use, my mum loves it 😊 Fantastic, so awesome to connect with anyone around the world.
Here's that review you wanted
This new update has ruined the ui, difficult to navigate and having many issues with messages not sending
This is a good app for comunicating between friends and co workers. My one complaint, that you cannot rejoin groups unless you jump threw hoops and go back and forth between the geoup owner and the groupme web site, which doesnt even have the link that it says it does to rejoin a group.
WILL IT LET ME TEXT FROM MEXICO
Broken on Android 10 and removing Support for sms :(
If you want a fully encrypted, end-to-end private chat that doesn't sell your info - this is the one. And price is right. The app is easy to use and has a desktop app that connects through your phone. You are able to do group chats and share attachments. Great app.
This app really is great and does the job, but that's when I can get it to work. I didn't want to update but was forced to, and like many others, I'm having problems since then. The new format stinks and you never know if you have a new text or not.
Wrost app ever.. messages not delivered on time.
New update moved everything around and greatly upped the contrast, making looking at it unpleasant to the point of being painful. And the alternate modes that might fix it are locked behind a paywall. The app is less functional and harder to use than ever before, and leaving reviews here appears to be the only way of leaving them feedback.
Cannot Skype at all!
I rated it 3 stars because it was good until late yesterday because what happens now is that when I try to go on pinger it crashes every 5 seconds
get the same error message though. It's a 5 star app when it works, but I
This app won't let me send emojis anymore since I updated please fix
This app is best in my life because I can't play with anyone but now I play with thousands people
App crashes and does not open after completing data transfer between phones
love the service no hassle never a dropped call never a missed call can change your number when needed get to pick your number can text call just like a phone service with any other provider but it has no phone bill it also is just Hassel free to have a second line if needed . a must have for sure
Was really used to the design of the app and now its bad. I don't like the new app design and I find everything annoying now. Especially when going into the channel, you can't see if someone pm you. Also it's hard to navigate the pin section in mobile and have to do multiple steps to get there. Please revert the design back to it used to!
I canceled this app still being charged for it..
The app is really good but this recent update is kinda annoying, before the servers didn't used to show up directly when we opened the app but now it does and it's really problematic. I really hope you'll look into it. The rest of the features are fine but please just make the servers not appear directly once we open the app.
Don't get me wrong, the app is good and all, but everytime someone in the voicechat turns their camera on, it just freezes and buffers on a black screen. I can't stand it, they can't show me something at all.
I use GroupMe a lot for work, but I get a lot of failed to post everytime I post a video. When it finally posts the video is extremely stretched and distorted. I'm currently using a Note 9.
The you is do help same this.
Don't like it. How are you supposed to reach anyone after you ran out of minute if it only works for wifi if you don't have or your not around wifi to use it.
I like your easy to use free texting and video chat app . No ads or premium hassle free, download and add your contacts, set up personal text or group texts and your set to enjoy
the beginning but now I will remove and will use a other app. Good by
Textnow is the top Provider for the low cost. You cannot find a better service provider for the money. Talk and text come out extremely clear. I would advise everyone to switch to Textnow. This Textnow is perfect switch to it as fast as you can This is the best service you can find
Dude it's app for using but it's has lot of bug like when see notification and open in task bar half discord will blank, when you use folt screen you can't join voice chat. Plz plz plz fix this problem
Yet Another App To Keep Up With. I just need to get messages from my kids basketball coaches, but I'm not connecting for some reason. This is yet another solution looking for a problem that SMS solved 20 years ago.
be added, but then I would see that I added the person 3 times.
Keeps denying my phone
Oh it could be better
The best app
Absolutely annoying. The app is updated and always is. I don't recall seeing any new updates since I downloaded the app. Smh I rarely get my notifications Any time anyone calls me it never let's me answer when I do get the notification. It ends up crashing. It could be days after someone has sent me a text that I am notified. There are times it doesn't even ring when someone calls. The app crashes more than it works properly or it lags, hard to finish loading upon opening it.
But they have uf emojis and none for FSU.  That will cost you at least 2* everytime!
Locked me out of saved log ins
CHANGE THE LAYOUT TO THE OLD ONE😡
Easy to use and works well!
before. It needs to go back the way it was, where the ads are not always in
My church group uses this app, and it's charging for emoticons 😮
Call quality is adequate. Developers need to work on notifications, it doesn't show chat notifications on Android.
I like using this app but with the new layout update, I feel like it's not discord anymore. I know your going for a good look but it's overwhelming me.
I love you by the thousands. Never change.
There's no audible feedback when there's a network disconnection or the call is terminated while talking. I hope this is worked on a s soon a s possible
Love when we talk to together ❤️
On average it is user friendly
Easy to use, doesn't take up a lot of room, no glitches or technical troubles. Very user friendly! U I use this app to connect with bible study/church group from all around the world and this free application is top notch, superb! Love it!!!
I love the app the only thing it needs is have better connection when doing video call
No good experience when other party wants to share desktop. Ever since ms took over, this app seriously sucks! Skype is around for more than 5 yrs and yet I don't see improvement.
This is a good app for chatting, calling, and video chat this app security is very hard so i love this app this app has many features
would be good id it didnt not open, if it would let me call, and wasnt laggy.
Very helpful and convenient especially for texting with a tablet. Call quality is a bit sketchy tho.
*No notification of received text *Stuck at loading screen
Hello! I'm basically new to this app. I was wondering if the app works if I have no phone service and if I have no wifi at the same time? I won't be calling over seas if that helps.
It's great to talk to my friend in all but when ever you share screen it flashes and gets real glitchy
It doesn't always ring and you miss calls.
Its actually goin bad since update, i got bug here and there. Cant send the image, cant send any videos.. Welp i know i should be nitro but i loved the first discord community was 😭😭😭
I don't care for the new layout at all and I can't change it back because they removed the option. I want to be able to use the original layout!
Great Job
Crashes constantly
It's a great way to stay in touch with everyone at church.
How do I not have minutes on this I just paid for a thousand a little while back
Awesome. And it doesnt save media ok your gallery unless yoy decide to.
Horrible UI, buggy. Couldn't turn off tips and tricks notifications.
This app did not work how I thought it would. I tried to make a phone call and it froze. The call went through but I got stuck I needed to put in numbers to check my account but it froze up I actually Had to Shut Off my phone to get the call to end and get off the app.
phone and there is no reason that I shouldn't see them, but lately I have
I am very happy with TextNow:Call+Text I'm so pleased that I finally ☺️ found you guys & the unlimited texting is a life saver..Now if I could find an app with Unlimited calling, I have a terminally sick immediate family member and I really need to make phone calls to speak with him as to stay in touch with him about his health and what else he may need and he lives alone. He's my only surviving family member and I'm his only one. Thanks so much TextNow.
There are a bunch of girls on here who want only money from adult it is a fraudulent site do not go on it it's it's all a scam
hang up. Not the best app. Will be searching for another. Lost many minutes
Stupid captcha. Can't sign up. Gives me an error
The screen on my last phone shattered. Because I couldn't see the screen, I was unable to restore my messages on my new phone. I lost so many conversations and memories.
since I only use this app once in a great while I tend to lose my number and there is a bug in the app where upon losing your number and opening the app it will say you lost your number and to pick a new one but the problem is that it just keeps looping over and over and never allows you to pick a new one nor does it give you the chance to even start typing in any number to find a new number to use because it will display that message stating whoops you lost your number right away.
Too many ads and glitching hanging up on people
This app is good and all but there way to much ads your already making money of the 4.99 a year to keep your phone number thing when I first open the app ad when click the call button ad when I'm on the calling screen ad when I hang up ad and then when I make social accounts I need to verify my number and instead of getting the code I get sent "to see your verification code you must lock in your phone number" it's annoying When people call me it doesnt even show me for that 2 stars
The new UI is terrible. It's so unintuitive to find contacts & make calls. Edit 2020-Apr-12: & for two years now it keeps asking me to leave a review for the app. I don't want to have another review. I've left my review!
Typically 5 starts all round up until about a day ago, where im not able to go into the different channels and its just frozen in whatever one it was last in
Way to buggy and we can never connect and when we do I can't hear them or see them. We've switched to discord and snapchat
Its free but u got to pay for calli bg or play these lame games to earn them
Drops the occasional call, or a few texts get dropped. They show as sent but never make it. What do you expect for free?
I absolutely loved this app! I used it for more that a year and then suddenly last month I was kicked off for "violating the terms of use" I'm still unclear of what I did to get this error! I only used this app as my alternat work business number. All I do is text and send pictures to my clients of the services I performed on their properties. That's all! Now I'm permanently banned without reason. I guess I must have used it too long and didn't pay so they are getting rid of the freeloaders...
Was a great app. I don't know if I will use after SMS support is removed. Plenty of my contacts will never switch over and I don't want to have to use two apps for messages.
I cant find my text now number
This is the best app that my good friend told me about and I am glad that he did!! It's so private and secure. It's great,
IMO best messaging app on the market
I love this app but from two days I am facing this bug where messages are taking too long to be sent.
This was so nice and easy to navigate but now it sucks please give me the option to go back to the old design
The app has always been useful for talking to friends but the new update has made the UI annoying to navigate so use the desktop version.
great second number
the notifications are driving me CRAZY. every time i open discord, almost every single channel is marked unread, even if the last message sent was months ago. i cant tell where i'm actually getting notifications from and where it's just bugging out. it's a waste of my time to go through every single channel and figure it out for myself. please don't waste my time with an app i genuinely enjoy using.
It's awesome I like it more privacy
Nice 👍 app but little bit audio call and video call service not clear😔
I like the app but, I wish I do not need to use my phone number. Only my email address instead.
App responce time . app hang issue .
Can't call all all local numbers
Great application for texting and talking.
Very worst experience every time need to update and link mobile on desktop app
I have used this app for years and now with the new update there are way too many ads that fill the screen. Very disappointed.
I'm new to this app, so far so good
Dropped calls
HELP HELP HELP WTH IS THE NEW UI ITS IMPOSSIBLE TO USE PLS BRING BACK THE OLD ONE 😭😭😭😭
Farewell SMS? Farewell Signal. It used to be amazing. Now it's nonfunctional. RIP Signal. 😭
This used to be really good but now every day, sometimes a couple of times a day, it won't let me send or receive texts saying to check back in a awhile. I never had problems now for the last week or so It's so ridiculous. This app decides when it wants to send and receive texts and pictures. Please fix! Everyone is having this problem apparently.
This app is legit. No gimmicks. Works 100% of the time. You get two free numbers for texting and calling in Canada. There is also the option to call using Bluetooth which I haven't yet tried but this means in theory, you'll never be without a phone when indoors. Really cool!
Great app!
Best app without ad
Couldn't you make possible chat background change? Every app has that option, only skype no
then not giving you credit for videos that you watched... It has wasted a
Can u guys just make the app loading faster 🤔
Since the last update it's very difficult or even impossible to connect to landlines, even though these are covered by my subscription. Edit: since customer service does not react I've cancelled my subscription.
They got rid of SMS support, I've got about 3 people I talk to using signal now. As soon as those people don't use it anymore I'll be uninstalling. A shame but they made their bed.
I was ask by skype to sign in with my account & i did with my email pls help I dont know what to do
Doesnt allow me to sign up for apps so its worthless
Less intrusive and more control than FB messenger. Needs SETTING TO DISABLE MSG NOTIFICATION PREVIEW. While I'm using the phone, I don't want to see incoming msg previews that cover up the screen and interrupt. However, I will still like to know those msgs are coming in. A simple sound/vibrate and Status Icon on top will do the trick. Please implement!
Would like to be able to make the quick emojis customisable
I love the app and it works really well. The only problem I have with it is that I can't send videos in the chat. I can send photos but when it comes to videos it keeps saying things like "couldnt send" or "try again". I've checked my wifi connection 3 times already and it's not that. It's the app. I love it, but that part needs to be fixed.🙂
It makes speaking to my family very easy. It's just amazing 👏 😍. Love ❤️ it
There are a few things that need some work still, but app works fairly well.
Signal app is doing a greater job!
Very good and too easily make voice call
It's alright, some stuff is good but the username thing kind of sucks..
I'm glad they came up with this
The best app for communication ,I love this app but the reason for 3 stars is the difficulty in video call please upgrade coz it keeps on failing even when I put the best Telcom provider line it's all boring, thank you, I would recommend anyone to download this app it's the best and efficient.
Can't understand nothing
It is super amazing and I love all of the chat functionality. It is very pleasant of an experience!
Usually works fine, but since around the last update, it keeps crashing
It has been awesome using GroupMe app for our class discussions. Easy going and hitchfree
Nice apk , very useful for me.
I requested the SIM card, but it never arrived.
Stopped sending and receiving text a few days ago without any notice!
Notifications randomly won't show up and now it won't load new messages half the time. This has been a problem for years and has yet to be addressed.
Changing your profile pic is a challenge
Group me is very easy use and fun. It's a great business and personal tool.
Cool way to have group messages and schedules for our kickball team.
I gave it a 3 star only because this is a wonky app. During a call, it goes between normal and speaker phone by itself. It can be nerve wracking to be listening to someone talk in your ear then go to speaker phone, almost blew my eardrum out.
Didn't even work. Waist of time.
Works smoothly for the most part, but every once in a while it stops sending messages and they just disappear off the sfreen as I type. It sometimes gets hung up and doesnt register messages as read after viewing. A quick uninstall and reinstall fixes these issues
It just deleted all my chats. Trash app
Fix it ! Why it's not smooth like WhatsApp ?!
Makes your phone hella slow sometimes freezes even after you uninstall it..
Please give us a snail for a like button option.
I'm having issues adding people in to groups
The photo viewing part of this app is straight up broken now. I will gladly talk about it if anybody asks, but right now I'm too pissed off that I can't see some of my photos in a large bunch of sent/received photos.
Difficult to use and not user friendly,also dificult to update
Great IM app, love it!
it doesn t give directions on how to use or how it works u have to play with buttons first and the messages take long to deliver and recovered but otherwise it is good
update notifications for the Samsung Galaxy S10+. I had the 9+ and was able to assign a different notification and a different color light notification for Skype. now with the 10+, I can't do either.
Works pretty well calls can be static or delayed overall good
THIS APP. IS NOT FREE THEY LET YOU THINK IT IS UNTIL THEY ASK YOU FOR. $9.95 monthly fee even though 2ND IN THE TITLE IS ▪︎▪︎FREE¤¤NO ITS NOT FALSE ADVERTISING..🤨😠😡 As fast I downloaded I deleted faster than my download 🙃😒 😬
Will not let me talk more then a few minutes then shuts off
Very good app the calling signal cld be Lil better some time.....other then that app work well
The new ui is stupid, plus I cant get rid of beta version on my phone.
Sucks its a paid thing, but I am happy I was able to text my friend's father. He's a complete A hole and I'm very satisfied at the results I got, so is my friend and his mom😁😁😁
the new update towards UI layot/ display is utterly a disgrace for your own sake, its not even as good as it use to be, it was nothing but a copy of whatsapp
Poor and very easy for ppl to hack your location
Awesome app better then WhatsApp !!!
I like the app a lot and do keep using it but some of the people i know over there are talking about this new "Update" For 2 to 3 days but I have not gotten any update
Talk time should be a free daily gift at least a min or 2. Free talk and text app that you have to buy talk time?not free lol
Nice version
It's a great 2nd line. Reallyusefull. D.
Dropping support for sms is a bad decision as it forces users to use multiple apps instead of consolidating. It's a big part of the reason I chose signal to begin with.
Good basic talk and text network that works without the requiring wifi or data. It is the only option that offers this for free with ads. Three stars due to the subscription data plans with talk and text only appearing on Android and not on iphone. According to the order page, the basic and talk and text subscription is an optional monthly plan (free is still the service) but no data. You will have to cancel to switch to the higher plans.
I was asked for a passphrase I didn't have. Signal was locked. Had to reinstall the app. All my chats were gone.
always unable to click contacts and chats. buggy.
It was working for a while and then it stop letting me see pictures that were being posted and stop letting me respond to people.
Voice messages take tooooo long to download. Fix the bug!
Crashes at least 5 times before it finally lets me send a text. Free? Yes, I can easily see why it is.
Some quirks. Non-intuitive navigation. But will keep you in touch with the world if money gets tight. I got the sim kit but then the unlocked phone I planned to use got broken so I don't know how well the free mobile aspect worked. Had some issues with sound in the beginning but worked that out with in app guidance. On wifi it did everything it claimed it would.
called professional options just won't work and are not Skype but something
it is very useful for new youtuber to connect some youtuber
Please, we need video call functions in textnow and please help solve the call kerf-kuffles please. Too many ads must stop, we need a background image feature from the textnow home screen too
Honestly it's a waste of time. I've tried all of my emails and when I have to verify with my phone number it doesn't let me because I used my phone number with an existing account although I deleted all of my old accounts. So please fix this it's getting really annoying.
quite sensitive to poor radio conditions, may fail in a place where normal voice calls are fine. Very good overall.
I love Discord, but the recent UI update is not great. Removing the intuitive swiping interactions to bring up menus (like the list of users on a server, for example), and re-arranging elements differently than what the desktop app has is clunky. Some of the other recent updates, like the activities in voice channels, are great but this recent UI change is a turnoff for the app.
Too glitchy. Like it overall but so sick of connection errors
I love using this App and that's why I'm giving it this 3-star review with a hope of improvement. Pls fix the camera recording within Signal (Samsung, Android 14) to standard lens or give us an option to select. It defaults to wide angle and is unusable in 90% of cases. Llistening to recorded audio is sometimes super buggy esp. when switching to other chats. It would also help to remember where I left for longer tracks. Lastly, why can't I filter between pics/vids/gifs in media search?
So apparently while I was asleep I some how purchased the $10 subscription and it was the last bit of money in my account. I don't know how I feel about this... 😐😐😐 5 stars for being easy to use. But so easy I can do it in my sleep. 1 star.
If you send a video from your galley into a group it posts as a picture. The only way it works is if you go into the app first and attach a video. Fix the bug!
I only like it because I want to call my daddy
50% of the time the text/call went through without hindrance of some sort.     most time the calls are chalked full of static and interference and takes longer than forever to connect.     best to just text with this app.
Atp. I had to delete it. It won't let me open it. Please fix it. And it's taking too long to delete.
Just as good as a text
Hearing about a new update and all my friends are saying they've got it and yet I'm seeing nothing at all
A great and perfect app with a lot of facilities such as perfect video call and nice chattbox and terrific imotes👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
Too many problems to enjoy communicating with family.
Downloaded it for my kids when I am home and the r at three grandparents and we love it. It works great for a free calling app
Sometimes it works but most of the time it doesn't.
The "choose your theme" that pops out everytime you log in is quite annoying.
Cool chatting app tbh
It's okay not the best
I think that ypu need to put too much of you info on the login
I don't personally mind the new layout overall, but the one thing I wish they'd revert is the DM/servers tab split. The way it is now feels so clunky. Clear downgrade from the desktop application.
Bring back the old version.
Used to love this app. Now it won't let me receive verification codes from other apps to confirm my phone number. Instead they come through as a link trying to get me to pay before proceeding.
love this app
It is okay overall, but most of the things provided or advertised are with a paywall. You DO get a free number, however you DONT get it forever. I do understand why though, as they have to get numbers from somewhere! Either way, it's okay, and slightly pricey. Better than most carriers though! 4/5.
New update is no good man
actually works with split screen apps it would be much easier to use if I
I love Skype and I use it to call my family in Sweden all of the time but it is no longer working now. When I try to make calls it sounds very dodgy and spacy I can even understand what the other people are saying please fix this issue Skype
Extremely complicated and difficult to use, requires an IT professional to move a backup to a new device, I only use this app because I have to 🤮
is it Wi-Fi free you should make a Wi-Fi free app because sometimes I am out and want to make a call but I can't call anyone because I have no Wi-Fi
Someone is hacking in on me and I don't like it.
Lost all my chats and it wont let me restore even with the pass-phrase
I absolutely love this app !!
It wouldn't allow me to enter contact
Time waste app
why are all the people using meta? this app works perfect.
The app really sucks, it's slow and lags. So frustrating, I am going to delete the app.
Screen rotation didnt work. Useless for texting
New UI is sub par. Don't get notifications off DMs, can't see other DMs pop in when talking to one person. Other UI bugs.
I really do love this app is just so perfect
this app really helped me out i was without phone service but had wifi. For 4.99 month had number unlimited talk and text couldnt beat that.
Used signal as default messenger app for 5 years. Highly disappointed that the creator plans to depreciate the product by removing support for regular SMS. This inevitably means lost messages and makes the app worthless. I hope they open their eyes to better solutions to their coding issues and avoid breaking an excellent product.
Able to send sms, but not receive. I wanted to like this app, as it's really free and has a clean UI, but all messages sent to the number went missing.
Can't send pictures with my Sony Xperia 5 II
Quality much better than standard Google chat
Incredibly disappointed that signal is dropping SMS fallback and really implore them to reconsider this. For myself and many others, the appeal of signal is that it works as a "one stop shop" the way iMessage does on iPhones. When SMS fallback is stopped, I will likely discontinue to use signal as it will just mean further splintering where I contact different people from and I have no use for that. Everything else about the app is great, which is why I really don't want to stop using it...
Sometimes it cuts off when I'm talking to my partner/ girlfriend
Latest update stinks, the notifications no longer display the sender & message as chosen, to reply from the bar/pop-up, instead says "you may have new messages" for all new messages. Have to open the app to see the sender & message. Please fix this.
It all ways works but never without some glitch sometimes it rings but there's no red or green to open it .
Horrible!!!! All it does is grain battery and dont work at all! Text now is better! And I hate that app
Really good app.
Can you guys add a pause button on recording a meeting ? It would be a convenient option, just pause the button while taking breaks & start again while having a single recording.
It is completely unusable in it's current state. Won't load direct messages or servers, and when it does, new messaging will not show up.
Total garbage still supports useless no actual human so u can't actually get supports
Can't add people to groups, DMs don't always send/show, read message status doesn't sync across different devices
I love it. If you or your friend is someone without a phone number, I really recommend it. You can do one on one or have a group/sever. You can call and text. I really recommend it.
If you're not getting notifications, turn on SMS notifications! EDIT 10/7/20 - going to jump in & also complain that I'm no longer getting notifications. Got to work this morning with about 20 missed messages. The only reason I'm not going down to 1 star is because they have SMS. This is a basic, simple, approachable alternative to group SMS texting. And if that's all you need, it works great. If you need additional features for managing a team, you'll want to look for another app like Slack.
Occasionally can't get through but such wonderful contact with my relations even if there are a few hiccups.
It serves its purpose n is very helpful when phone carrier service is out of min.
Cannot check profiles, they appear as thin, unreadable slices. Motorola Moto G7 Play. App up to date.
There is a vibration inside the chats. It's annoying
A few problems: alot of stuff that's on pc doesn't apply here, cant favorite gifs and also add apps or stickers and such on servers. Also there's a bug where media is really big like if i was on pc and it gets cut off, the only way to fix this is by restarting the app. Otherwise amazing app.
Most people I know use iPhone and have no reason to use signal. For those in similar situations you might as well stick to the default messaging app since signal is dropping sms support. Easier than managing two apps.
I have to uninstall it then install it bc it blackens out!
I like the new UI but the app seems a lot less responsive since the new update
I like it but there is just no tutorial on things that are important
This app is good but its very buggy and slow I can't use this app anymore
Its only good for texting. Calling sucks the life out of you and doesn't work on Wi-Fi at all. Just text.
calls keep dropping everytime and i always miss a call even when someone is trying to call me, my text app does not ring when i recieve a call it just goes straight to missed call
I got added to a new group on here and it's not adding the chat so I have to get everything in a text......how do I fix this problem. I'm android BTW.
Maybe it's just my phone but it lags a lot.
Can't receive in coming call when on the app.
I've never felt the need to write a review until now, but I wrote out a lengthy one and realized I can't paste it here due to the 500 character limit. Is there an email or somewhere to send feedback? Would like to send some more detailed feedback about the search bar/options, voice channels, messages staying in text bar, swipe/reply functions.
tried to make a call but. for some reason I need. to buy minuets before I can.. W. T. F.
Private, no ads, fairly easy to us
Faultless. Why would you even use Whatsapp!
Its good that the app finally added video uploads as i usually want to share videos to my friends but was not able to do so. Still it would have been nice for it to be more than 30 seconds. I only use this app because it was the only app to use for groups b3fore whatsapp came out and my.friends dont want to use whatsapp(wich is,better for me). Overall good job.
Terrible service
Its best one but i have given 4 stars because i wasnt able to chat to someone and i dont know about others.....
regardless of the person answering the phone. Also if it goes to voicemail
Seen a call . No one has said a word. And I don't hear anything. Then bout three seconds before it even started ringing.
I tried to use Skype after long time but the app asked for my last 4 digit of my mobile,I have sent it but I didn't receive any code 🙃
Like it very much, but they should add a setting for custom ringtones.
Only got it to receive banking security codes. Text free says it only works in paid version. I have no signal at home via cell. Plus it's full of ads
I think the app is not bad at all. Good means of communication.
It ok but I be losing services
Great free alternative to data service
Talking with fellow fantasy players and co-workers has been very enjoyable for the past 5 years!
When I require a confirmation code through text message it never shows up. And when my kids try to call me, depending on where in the city they are calling from, sometimes my number comes up as long distance even though I selected my area when choosing the number and they can't always get through due to long distance restrictions on the line they're using. Besides that I am very happy with this app and I wish I could give 5 stars.
Actually one thing that is trash is new vc system especially in server because it doesn't let me disconnect screen share mute because it is not in the front it is in the middle and the vc interface is too big it doesn't fit in my screen and when I scroll to the right side it open the text chat of voice channels this big interface just only fits in PC one more thing about seeing profiles when I click on someone's dp it shows like this D I s c o r d # 0 0 0 A b o u t m E Completely trash glitch*
New update broke the hell out of everything. App barely functions at the best of times.
This is new to me trying it out
I'm excited about signal application
New layout on phone is terrible
Ok this review is due an update: I enjoy using discord but it has progressively updated itself out of my recommendations. The company seemingly went from hero-to-zero the app is barely safe and this new UI is a terrible uncalled for overhaul.
Skype is a good way to keep in touch with love ones and friends..The only hiccup is the wifi. At times it goes out for days at a time and I can't talk with my friend overseas
Its OK
It hangs up on my toll free phone calls even tho i bought a 100minute pack thought maybe that would fix issue but still hangs up on important calls
I've had this app for over a month.ANYONE I text doesn't get my text. I've tried emailing support twice, of course, to no avail. No company response. I've double verified numbers, unnecessarily. They recently sent me an email stating that if I didn't use my number, they would do something but I didn't bother with remembering crap since text doesn't work anyway.  You suck so hard. Crap technology.
Overall experience has been good
It's vhery well
Device my google apps account active respond
I get to talk to all my friends who don't have phones
Soso. The texting part of the app is good, but anytime I try to call or get a call, It will always drop it. I suspect the ads are mostly to blame. If you're getting this app, be prepared to SPEND MONEY.
Great app just takes to long to open photos
Buggy, awful, unnecessary update. Stop trying to fix things that aren't broken, thanks.
It's a good app for texting but why do I have to pay for premium just to get verification codes
4/5 cause 5/5 is 1 ⭐, and these freaking guys deserve as many as they can pander for
Solid text app but jeez could the ads be any larger??!
Good for WiFi calling
ever since the app update I can't connect to calls on my mobile :/ kind of a downer when I use this app for voice calls long distance on a daily basis
Cant find online friends on the new update , only can sort alphabetically
I lost my number I have had for 3 years!! Not good. I was just using it
I love Discord, always have but I have many of the same complaints as the others, I think the reply by swiping is fun but now I can't quickly check members/options (need to click the channel which took me a bit to figure out) Can't search an entire server anymore, really sucky if I can't remember where a conversion I'm trying to look for was I like the unread DMs preview except that I mistake statuses for it Also I can't stream without it deafening, muting and even kicking me when I exit the app
doesn't always notify me of messages
Sound bug is horrible, but the service it provides is one of a kind. Please fix it, people can't hear me sometimes
Works on my phone but difficulties connecting to game console and they don't let you know why
Coole
Was a great app until the mandatory update a week or two ago. Now I do not receive calls or message notifications. Yes I've been up and down all settings, app and phone. Extremely frustrating. Turned into a useless space waster now.
The new update is horrible, the app is unstable and keeps crashing. I have to close and reopen the app for my messages to post. I try to reply to another member and I'm put into another server, while typing my response. I'm not a fan of the update!
Takes very long to log in Extremely buggy Yall are really ruining your app
Downloading recorded videos are the worst part. Other than that, this app is reliable and decent
Why does every single time someone calls me it hangs up by itself please fix it
fix the ui update, your users shouldn't want to down grade the app. otherwise, this app allows me to be able to keep communication with people very well, I don't have a phone number and discord is a life saver. if you don't care about the ui and just wanna keep contact with people then go for it
Group is separate from texting
The new forced update has so many issues it makes using discord mobile miserable. Having to close and reopen the app to get it to actually show anything that you do, less user friendly UI, etc.
High quality
Keeps the company connected well
Evry time I text some one it text me back right now an am not available and I text or call you back as I can
Can't get all permissions aprived
Low quality voices and video in callin' is like a Chess =) And the face's auto-retouch make invisibles the details of the face. Need to solve bugs and the ui; for easy using.
It's not gonna let people make a new account with the same number after they delete the app and re download it as a mistaken delete...
This app is awful. I cant even hear when someone call me or text me i uninstalled immiatly
Not free and horrible experience
This app is great. As someone who's been using it since 2019, the changes have been great and I love it. I talk to my significant other and friends on discord all the time, one of the best and easiest texting and calling apps I've used by far. But one of the newest features has been breaking for me: the voice messages. Whenever I want to send one it won't send, I release and it continues to record. I need to close the app for it to stop and send if i press the send button. Very annoying.
Fantastic app. Much nicer than my default messaging app with the fantastic bonus of full security. Couldn't be happier.
Great app but sometimes I won't get answers from people until 30 mins or an hour and  also I have to be in the app to get a text now!  This has never happened befor!  plz fix
It's so good i just love it
My phone has been getting cancel over and over alain. And the cancel
It would not even work just a waste of time
Shes a deadly app, b'y.
Great for chatting with others that also play games
Can't download the application
It's good for the most part but calls aren't as responsive as they should be as well as screen shearing
New update removed ability to see people on server
and eventually reboot itself. Glad I don't have to use it often.
I am new to the app but I like it!
the required text messages are so annoying!! I already get the notifications from the app. why do I have to get texts also?? its double and extremely frustrating! if that can't be fixed, I'll be deleting the app.
Its free but you have to pay for minutes
Every time i send a text it say i cant send it other then that i would rate it a 5 starts but my text wont work
This ap is retarded somehow i violated the terms of service before I even made an account.
Go and
I'm an administrator for one of the groups I'm in. I have issues consistently with adding members!!! It's very annoying. Yes, I follow instructions, yes, my app is up to date.
should be more fast loading
I did the latest update and it wiped my account!!!!! I lost everything contacts and all!!!!😥 DONT DO UPDATE!!!!!
Now the random adding has stopped on mobile app thx discord
Work pretty good l think every body should try it
It's nice and I can login on moltiple devices without having to log out
Cannot see who has read a message, very difficult to add new members, emoji are limited
Could be better... You get what you pay for..
I could be better if so many adds didn't slow the app it's self down. And I can't figure out How to make the notifications loud. I never get a call do to never get the call like a normal ring ring ring then I pick up it tells me after they havw called that I've missed a call.. please work on these problems. Thanks
It deltes any pics i send or receive. Why?
Thanks for the call
Skype used to be one of THE BEST apps for communication. Now since many updates the call quality and app performance going backwards from bad to worst. Same even if used via web ( slow, bad call quality) I am using paid membership for calls and disappointed Everytime I call.
Despise the UI update
Easy, smooth and good performing app. Recommended for all.
I have been trying to update this app and all it does is load, forever.
It isn't the easiest app to deal with
Meh, just needed to call to make some appointments. This was painful, I understand ad's to make money but popping up every 20 seconds just makes me boycott a company, it's like YouTube showing me the same ad 40 times in 3 days, all it did was ruin both company's image
For me, the app is not bad. Been using it since 2021. My main problem here is, whenever i send a video, it doesn't have a thumbnail on it, all i can see is a poop. I downloaded discord on my new phone.
I really like yalls texting app. But since this update my icon has disappeared. I dont mind the update. I just hate the fact that my icon has disappeared
Would use this app if sms verifications were free.
Great, but needs more than just heart likes
I cant calk anyon
sometimes it won't notify me of messages and recently I've been having issues posting, I'll have to close and reopen the app to actually post anything. I've been using this app for awhile and it seems like within the last few updates its gotten harder to use.
FC everytime i open. Cant use it. Pls. Fix.
I use it at school when I don't have service🙊🙊🙊
Change for the sake of change never goes well. All of the recent reviews and the comments I and my friends have made amongst ourselves are proof of this. Instead of overhauling everything, just focus on the only parts that cause problems.
Fair text app. No problems 🤠
It was very glitch and crashed it I give it a zero 🖕
I am new in this app.
Sound very good!!
It's user friendly and smooth
Slows your phone down and kicks me off of the app alot
As my secondary number was great until stop working a couple day's ago, I can't log in in my account again, I don't know what happened so I deleted the app and downloaded again several times and nothing.. was a great app for sure.. but is time to get a new app
Force updated then stopped working on my work Wifi.
Gotta trry first
The response time is mediocore for most communication apps... But text free raised the standard... Five star worthy.... But yet though notifications are on, i have to check for texts often and miss many i get unless im on the app...
New ui is horrible. It makes discord unusable. I tried it for a month to see if I would eventually change my mind. But I I'm the end had to change it back
very slow takes very long and slow
Sometimes good, sometimes very bad
Its been slow and getting hacked all the tome
Was threatened by a person on this app and took to long to block them or report it
You billed my account when app was updated, DON'T HAVE A PHONE NUMBER ANYMORE!! REFUND MY MONEY PLEASE.
They decided to not support sms any more. Unninstaled
This app has been down to a crawl for text and no matter how great my wifi is, it always tells me my connection is not good enough to call. Sad.
I like it 👍. But it Stops alot. drop calls and but it fix it.
Good app for communication but doesn't work with mobile data even tho there are no restrictions relating mb and other apps work perfectly fine with mb on
The app is slow and it shows the same message twice and when i send a different text it shows that one twice or when someone text me is shows that message twice and its annoying and super slow please fix this issue
For some reason I can't download the textnow app, can someone help me? Please
for some reason I can only text people everytime I try to make a call it doesn't go through. it just take me straight back to my text messages.
Very bad Cannot sign up Showing error
Doesn't open in app. Transfer as a SMS
So wonderful I think it's the new WhatsApp
Keeps getting awful updates, constantly deteriorating the state of an already bad app.
This was my default messaging app for the last couple years, and it worked great! However with Signal ending SMS service it just doesn't make sense to use it anymore. I just don't have enough Signal-using contacts to make multiple messaging apps worth it. I have many contacts who would not be willing to move (and it's a harder sell now than it was before), and I won't be able to receive automated messages anymore either. I'd gladly come back if SMS service was restored but for now it's goodbye.
Every  time I picked a number it took me back a step🤔
Recently i have noticed this app opening other stuff while not touching the screen and repeatedly ignoring me hitting back or home it'll go-to home automatically open back up try and force me to download files I highly suggest deleting it and this is my public notice of null voidance of all text now contracts or agreements! Thank y'all but I didn't see remote control as a setting I approved of.
I'm only giving 3 stars bc of 💥𝓑𝓞𝓞𝓜 𝓑𝓘𝓣𝓒𝓗 💥#3119 being bossy and controlling I already reported it so something better be done discord
Used to be a die-hard fan, but recently and especially after the mobile redesign I have just found usability plummeting. The formatting of the app is visually messed up if I open the app from a notification instead of the apps list and recently nothing will load unless I force stop the app from settings and reopen. Devastating to see what was my safe haven from other social media seem to prioritize paid cosmetics over actually listening to feedback and making the app functional and accessible.
I don't really care much about aesthetic UI changes so I won't speak to those, but they've made navigating between servers and DMs a pain, the layout is less clear, it's harder to quickly parse where new messages are coming from, you can't easily look at server members and navigating your DMs/search is buggy and jumps to the wrong places often. Extremely disappointed with this poorly-conceived set of changes and lack of response to the feedback.
It always says connecting even though my network was just fine. It's been so buggy, please fix this!
It's so good except for 1 thing and that is the NSFW servers that have explicit pic and n*dea and adult vids
I'm one of the users that have used discord for years, the only problems I'm having are the fact the video chat doesn't stay open outside of the app anymore and the video freezes, no it's not a connection issue I go to different places with different wifi and it's still the same, why discord? I shouldn't have to stay in the app to continue video calling anyone. I've also noticed that discord also ends a call without warning or indication and that has led to alot of fights between people
Garage. Can't send a single message cause it keeps changing numbers on me and telling me my number is inactive (signed up TODAY) and assigned to someone else. Go to change numbers and it says I can't because one's not assigned to me. Everytime I check my account info, the number is different.
Idk what y'all are talking about. The new UI is fine. It seperates servers and DMS
Its been great until it isnt sometimes it shows me what someone sent but not when i open the app or its always having diffifults like that
Fixing your calling I can hear but the person that I am calling cant hear me
in app. I just see that the search is powered by Bing. Sent an email to
It's been very helpful in many ways. Great encrypted way of communication.
super awesome app
discord has been my bestie for 5 yrs and it does everything i want it to. the nitro perks are worth it, sorry to say.
Easy to get free minutes, new numbers, but call quality is often iffy
Ita not free...
It's a good app overall but the inverted camera in on cams in call is very annoying I wish auto mirror could be remove.
It's was working great until today it won't let me login to my account or anything but when i try to login to my account i keep getting this ignoring network err or something like that please fix this probem soon thanks.
Anything easier for me as I am almost techonology eliterate TKS
Why can't I make calls?
Hasn't been updating my contact list or displaying any of my chats and I've uninstalled/reinstalled and logged in and out on the web and nothing changes its kind of annoying.
Makes me mad when it keeps disconnecting me on mobile :/ I want the old one back
The latest update is absolutely horrid. Everyone is begging you to go back to the old style
By using this app. I am able to know what I am walking into before I start my shift every time!
There should be somewhere to report scammers
The app works perfect. No trouble so far.
This app used to work wonderfully but then now it's been acting up. Please fix issues.
Images not going through, rewarded ads not providing minutes, and notifications are horrendous. Never know when they will work or not
I do not use my phone very much. 2-3 calls a month. I do however text. Certainly not no $60 a month in phone charges. Where i live there is no phone signal. Why should i pay so much money for something i dont/cant use? I do, however need to pay for WIfI anyway. I pay $39 a month for that. So im very happy with what i have. Text free works on my phone and iPod 6 just fine.
Fine. Sometimes. A good social app, but recently it's going down the drain a bit. All the aggressive hate of the new layout update, and they still have the audacity to take away the button to disable it. Nitro features are nice, as sometimes typing can be hard for someone who doesn't like to talk sometimes, and are generally fun extras to have for decorating a server profile. I'd give it 2 ½ if I could, but that's not an option. It'd be nice to PICK the layout version, very nice.
Look this is a really good app for communicating, however my discord is unable to connect to calls?
claim single app and claim cash out now in gold and silver
i just paid for tbe stupid subscription to receive a code and it took my money but said the purchase is unavailable??? give me my money back this app is a scam
Great app for phone and text
This app is cool and all but when I tried to change my username it keeps telling me to add underscore, numbers, or periods when I do. Please fix this
It does what it's supposed to
This sucks its not working please make it work I need to txt my boyfriend.!
I cant text no-one  no more  i can get text but cant send them WHY i used to send texts it won't  lete now
Since updated it doesnt open it just keeps loading and loading
It works but lags
For the policies it has
Edit: now that Signal is removing SMS on Android, I'm going to switch apps. It's really disappointing that they're removing a feature that's well used, but pushing for useless features like Payments. Old review: I've been using this app ever since it was called Text Secure. Honestly the best texting app I've used (it does proper SMS group messaging too)
The sound quality is poor on calls
It Sucks
The only reson i gave it a 3 is bc it let me call my boyfriend when i wanted to but u have to be on the app to get the messages and calls and sometimes it doaent let me on the app to get the messages abd calls so i give it a 3
The costs of subscriptions rates are different for different Skype accounts. Not consistent. That's the only problem I have with Skype
Dropping my review to two stars. The new Mobile UI is absolutely abysmal. I've been paying for nitro for essentially 7 years, and this was the last straw. Cancelled until such a time that the old UI is back *permanently* Breaking established design parity with Desktop is the worst decision that could be made. App is otherwise decent, and still functions.
Can't even make a phone call. Can't be heard.
It's slow
It doesn't receive pics help me!!
I love this app but it won't let you call out.
The choice for text messages works only once out five times
1 of Carbon Products manufacturers and wholesalers
I made a bad call in last call it said call rejected and it put me in yeah and the sticky situation anyway and be and when it ended it text now sent me a text message from text now anyway that's all I have to say bye.
In an earlier version the app sometimes had problems to send messages and they got stuck for days. This doesn't seem to be a problem any more. I also like that sent messages can be edited. Now it's my preferred messaging app.
This is Good app🗿❤️
been using since 2019 and was probably the worst mistake of my life but its good quality. A lot of weirdos so word of advice dont accept all friend requests unless you have bleech for your eyeballs
Too much voice problem but still we like this app very much ❤️❤️
It's not letting me log in so I give it a 2 star
It's not letting me countie with the app
I can't get used to the new update. This is my favorite platform to call friends and play games with them, but I keep having issues with the new format.
Wont work sat here for 1 hour but wont let me do calls
Deceptive Ad free pricing, when you click the banner to go ad free a list of benefits pops up and the price is shown at 9.95/month, a reasonable price in my opinion, so when I went to sign up I was shocked when the Google play store said I would be charged 9.95/week plus tax so a little over $40 per month. Perhaps I read the initial offer incorrectly? No, the app shows 9.95/month if you click the banner ad but shows 9.95/week if you click to buy ad free from the app menu. Sneaky BS.
Doesn't function
I really like this app it's so easy to use and connect with others .
I like Signal and White & Blue
Had a difficult time with my password. However, it's more than likely operator error.
For the love of God, stop making the interface worse and more cluttered every update. I dread updating this app now as it keeps degrading.
Loved this app. But with latest update app keeps force closing constantly. Cant even fully type messages without it cutting me off.
It's great when you are using it but in the beginning it asked for tons of needless info
My discord keeps kicking me out when I log in, please can you tell why this is happening to me?
So far it's good.
After some days of installing , it's not working properly but now it is too helpful for me , taking low internet and best experience ,, actually when i installed lite app then a mystery happen 😁,it's quality increase suddenly ,but seriously ,it's a nice app and good , specially at the time of lockdown and corona virus😄
Terrible used to be great now it's Just trash and money hungry not worth your time
I thought phone numbers got reassigned after a month of inactivity? Why did mine get reset after one week? Was this really necessary?
This is really supper annoying... I get in a call from my computer then my phone starts ringing and it doesnt stop
Love this app. Works just like they say. It's a life saver. Thank you
It continuosly logs me out of the app this is the oblt way i can get a hold of my parebts please fix this
This is the only way to contact my parents in occupated part of Ukraine. Why did you take my money, if you block my calls? There's no Ukrainian in support, there is no way to contact your manager
So far it's been pretty good
love this app, very fast and useful
complex to use
I hated it so much!!!!!!!!
I've been a discord uses for a few years and since this update it's take more time to do something so little also for some reason I've been having a hard time sending a picture and message they haven't been loading or just sit on sending until I close out of the app and then reopen it which makes me lose what I has already typed it's Just really stressful
I still can't transfer all contacts even when I follow instructions. Can't leave WhatsApp for signal when it t doesn't work
Because of online offline indicator and last seen features
This is the worst skype app ever! I cant download photos, messages are too slow.
Can't use this number with certain services, but otherwise this works without me giving out my personal number for my business.
love it. only bad thing is the calling. alot of times people can not hear me t@lking
When I can text Jamaica then I give 5 star ...
Alot of flashing when i get txt
Ok. My rating is gonna drop to two stars.. that's because when I downloaded it it was fine and all I made an account and all, except. I logged in I couldn't update my profile, I was verified by my email but it still asked to be verified my a phone number. My account was verified by email so why do I have to be verified by phone number. I'm not sure if I did any mistake or anything. I haven't used discord in almost a year, and I have no Idea on what updates it had/has. If you can please fix this.
Not a bad app to use.
the app was doing good but after I updated it I don't have access to my texts no more it blacks out and doesn't let me see them!
Completely horrible, half the time I can't do anything because it lags every five seconds and I can't type anything until it stops. Also with the emojis I can't tell what they are half the time because Pinger thought they could be original and make their own so don't waste your time on this.
The only reason this is a four because this app changed when i first got it and now it is kinda better but i kinda miss it when i had it in back then
it's an amazing app that you can make friends and Call, text, Etc but the Bad thing about this is sometimes it'll say "Connecting" or "Disconnecting"
Idiotic redesign of the UI. Fire the person who thought it was a good idea, its less intuitive than it was before. I have multiple times tried to find the button that puts the person im on a call with on speaker phone, and its just magically dissapeared with zero hint or clue as to where it may be now. Just stupid all around.
Great app to send messages and voice audios!
We are the best we give?
Works great. It really is a good app. Its like having 2 sms systems to back each other up. Im lovin it. Wooooo!!!
This app has been my sole messaging app for years, in fact I totally removed the Meta apps and blocked the default messaging app on android. Now signal wants to create a greater risk for me, by dropping SMS messaging ability. Damn it.. This is just a disaster for me. Signal users for security reasons know SMS is insecure, those who do not care are the only ones who do not know. BAD decision. Signal is now knackered. I appeal to developers... Retain the SMS capability.6th
Discord has improved quite a bit over the years. Everything works really well, the only thing I dislike is the main screen when you first boot the app. The home screen isn't intuitive and is kind of clunky. you can only switch between existing servers or add new ones and there isn't an actual home screen. It's hard to identify which servers are which until you memorize the emblems for each one. I wish it had a large home screen where you aren't forced to have a server open.
Can't even make a decent phone call the connectivity is horrible even on wifi. My work group just switch over to this saying it's more secure than whatsapp probably so but the quality is way poorer than whatsapp
The new discord is so bad when I vc my phone starts to turn off and it's very Lagy plz fix the bugs
Hate this app
i think the calls could be better
Great app. Ready to use and secure
This new version sucks
Great content on discord
Free is hard to beat!
Bro this app was amazing, Loved it minor bugs that needed fixing but design and convenience was really nice... Then we got the dumbest update I've ever seen, the bubly theme is somewhat nice looking, But the app is extremely inconvenient to use now, a lot more steps to do something basic like seeing people online in your server and other nonsense I got no space to type... This new version of the app is frustrating and absolute garbage.
Good app, but there is a problem with me trying to send images to other people. It always gets stuck and be on queued and the after that it suddenly glitches my album in every single app including Discord itself. Pls fix this
Not free
Buggy UI, calls that don't work sometimes, audio quality issues caused by calling. Would be a useful service if it wasn't so janky.
Discord has been a great communication app but lately I have this problem during voice chat. The mic work seamlessly in the app but once discord is in the background, it will not detect my mic. It has never occurred before. I've tried all troubleshooting methods but to no avail. I hope Discord team can reach out to me for this.
The app itself is really easy to use! I haven't had any problems, the texting is just as easy, I will use the call feature also!
The only problem is it's notifications I almost never get them and when I do it surprises me.
Sign in is absolutely crazy. Around and around and around in circles
It's so fun to talk with friends but it's toooooomany adds on the screen and up and down and when I try to press any thing else it just goes every where so please please fix that app and the voice is soo low so plz plz fix and there is no screen sharing like massenger due
Please, for the love of god use anything other than discord. They say they care about protecting your data, that is a lie. Every promise made by this app is a lie to get more people to buy nitro to keep their investors happy. Discord is not made for people anymore, it is made to make money. The UI change isn't even the first anti consumer change they've made, it's just the most obvious.
It works sometimes really fast in others it takes all day like wth
I don't even get notifications in the app when my name is tagged. Can't see all of the tags for everyone on any servers but a couple random ones. I made sure my personal tag and everyone tags are on and still don't get it.
I never really got to test to talk to my friends because I was trying to log in for 3 weeks I tired my email.nope.then my phone number but it never sent me a code but when it did I typed it in and it said it was invalid I would really like to be able to log in.
New UI is horrible. Makes it harder to mod/manage a server. Getting to the user list is not one hand friendly. Getting to the settings takes more steps as well as changing online status. Please revert back to the old UI and remove swipe to reply. Or at least give us the option to switch back to the old UI. And give us the option to disable swipe to reply...
They removed my review a sec after posting! Msgs don't go thru on same 5g wifi 10ft away. Ads cover screen while call is ringing makes it impossible to end calls/trouble for wrong # dials. Speaker is ON loud during calls even tho speaker set to OFF. It only rings after 4th ring on 'excellent quality' results in voicemail. Requires mic access, suspect. Major data use in background, odd. I suspect reviews are paid for this. Ads shud not pop up while a call is ringing.
Discord Devs should please look into this app again, crashes a lot for a social media app. Too many bugs as well please fix this, it's really getting annoying
A bit hard to get around in this app at first
Love the app!  It's i life saver!  But since last update, loading of messages takes a long time.  Sometimes up to 15 minutes!  This needs to be instant!  Once  fixed I will gladly re rate 5 stars!
Cant send a message. It says "connecting" Notifications are not shown if I don't use skype for a day.
It's ok for a app
Good app buy crashes everytime I try to check certain servers please fix this.
It took to long to sighn up but its ol
Well first of all, THE APP JUST SUDDENLY DELETED A BUNCH OF MY CONTACTS FOR NO REASON!!! ... There are also TONS of other problems, but I'll list a few... 1. I never hear phone calls ring, I just get a missed call notification 2. Half the time messages just don't go through 3. It won't let me update the names of my contacts 4. Super slow and laggy, to the point where it's hard to even send a text sometimes ... Seriously, don't waist your time.
How to bring back old ux/ui discord?, the new ones all my pinned gone, worst update ux/ui, old is better
It doesn't allow you to make phone calls, calls always dropping
No SMS. This is not the way.
I've used this program several years. It's pretty good. About a year ago, it stopped working when I am connected through my VPN. Maybe my VPN made a change or maybe this program made a change. At any rate, I have to disconnect my VPN to use it. Incoming calls are blocked if VPN is on.
Awful.... Couldn't get it to even send a text. Kept making me pick a new number I've and over again!!!
It wont open the app once i update it
It's just slow as lot of times and drops service or when I paid for plus I can't get my codes in time cuz I have go through Rd hook up the plus
Everyone good so far phone is starting to act funny maybe locking up
Buggy video calls
The app is great. But there is just 1 problem, the voice. Sometimes, when me and my cousin were about to use discord, my voice will suddenly dissappear
5 🌟For privacy other f--k off if u don't care about privacy 🪽
MY NEW UPDATE:😐I tried To Download this App on my New Amazon Fire Tablet just Now!!-My New Update!!: Amazon🚫 Fire died on Me!! For No good reason at all!! Gone!! So-Now👍 I got- TEXTNOW🙂Free App Back!!+ It's Better!! Than the Amazon⛔ tablet for Free Calls and Free texts!! It Works only on😊 Androids!!👍But⛔ Not on Amazon Fire Tablet!! So goodbye to that!!- For Good!! But TextNow!I'll Stay😄with U!!-For Life! Everything is Working Good!!-As Long-As I-Don't❎ use Amazons Fire Tablet!!🚫Peace!!
i hated it
This app did not work for me and it messed up some of the other apps that I had on my phone already I had to uninstall it
Every time I call a add comes
Love it just wish they had an option to delete the chats when they are no longer needed.
After ui change the layout became a worse version of snapchat
It's ok not using much
I can't even download the app??
My screen share will not capture audio, and I've already gone through the steps several different times and it's been like this for months. PLEASE FIX IT I'M DESPERATE OVER HERE-
What a huge downgrade to QoL for the recent update. Hope you guys will revert the easy access to member list.
Can't even write msg to my friends many many bugs really bad update last update
I found some bug... When we send messages aur any kind of thing.... It's going too slow.... But my internet connection is very good... But thoug we faces this problem... Thank you... Pls do anything to slove this problem..
I am not getting names of my contact list ... It's just showing mobile number for everyone after allowing all the permission.
It won't even let me create a password it keeps saying sorry check your connection when clearly I'm connected to a WiFi network
Upon opening one of my various groups all the messages pertaining to that group were gone. I actually really do like this app, but this has been happing for about a month now and i've tried everything but nothing seems to work. I hope this gets fixed soon in an update.
TextNow is a all app
Not compatible with all kinds of phones.
new look of the app is awful, it's confusing for the users and doesn't have the same functionality as the old one. some people have the option to go back to old look, i don't for no reason at all. bad, just bad...
Works a treat
I continue to experience issues with not getting notified. Some times it'll work fine, but then it randomly stops notifying me which really sucks. It's also started not letting me scroll back to messages from only a few minutes ago anymore. It does this on and off and its very inconvenient.
Massage notification not coming
Audio quality is nowadays very bad , not clear comparing to WhatsApp. And battery draining fast while during audio/video calls. I checked with friends. Signal my fav app. Fix it soon guys. Reduced from 5 to 2 star.
I no longer get notifications from dms and some servers. I have to open the app and check it instead of getting the pop up notification. Please fix this issue, I want to be able to talk to others in a timely matter.
The UI update ruined it. The app did not have to have everything separated as it is very annoying to have to use separate menus for DMS and servers, and the message search is broken too.
The app load is slow. Not instant.
So like the app, but theres 2 problems. I can't delete any of my group chats and now im receiving spam with nude girls in my chat room as a group chat. I'm not the only one, other people in my group messages say they also have been receiving them. Please fix that problem so we can delete chats we are know longer using.
I remember when I first got this app and how I was able to verify my YouTube channel. But putting verification codes behind a pay wall Is a low blow and I'm extremely disappointed. You guys have gotten greedy.
Works but makes my phone lag and sometimes used to make my old phone crash.. was a 30$ blu phone but still.
I love the app but since I've upgraded to the Galaxy Note Edge I don't receive my push notifications anymore even if the group is talking. At first the notifications appeared in my edge but suddenly stopped. Overall I enjoy the app. If this is fixed I'd give a 4 or 5 star.
I love this app personally ,but there's to much ads and when I click off of the call button and I'm still on ,if I click off of something the call pauses ,and I can't talk anymore ,but I guess it's because it's a free app.Anyways if you want to use this app I definitely recommend bc it's free!
Made my life easier, love it
This app has been a life saver many different times.
It's is a very privet app very very good
Bruhh the new update sucks i even hang out with my friends and talk bc my mic is so glitchy that my friend can barely hear me
Great for chatting
sometimes people randomly cant hear you no matter what you do
Unable to sign in on my android device, keep getting an "unexpected error" message.
Ready to use cheap and works well
Discord Is Great App for Me for Chatting and Talking to Friends and Join Server to Make Group Chat and It Have Nitro and Basic too 🇷🇺
Perfect app to communicate with groups
Needs more options and user management / control
Crashes and restates the internet connection every 2 mins I can't even call my mates it's so annoying I might uninstall full stop
As far as security goes, this is, to my knowledge, the single best app on the market. There's just one glaring issue for me, which is unfortunately a pretty big problem: I can only send/receive messages to/from other Signal users when I connect to the internet. This phone is almost never connected to the internet, so this bug is effectively crippling my use of the app to contact and interact with new friends. Fix this - make it work without internet, as it used to - and Signal is perfect.
Just started using it.
Can't use stage Channel so not full 5-stars
Nice using it
Would give it a 0 if I could, used to work great but now I can't even log into the app it just says error to everything
I love this app but there's so many adds.
This app came from a 5 star in 2015 to a negative 5 star now. Sometimes I don't get any notifications and sometimes I do. And at random moments my ENTIRE chat conversations are deleted and I can't get some important info thats been texted to me. This app is now trash and so inconvenient. TextFree is so much better with unlimited calls and text without having to watch stupid ads. This app is garbage.
The app enables people to do quite a bit together online, from voice chat, to online games, Discord is an above and beyond platform for gaming, or just staying in-touch with friends or family. It could be more user friendly. I find there are a lot of options, settings, and things you can do on the app in general. I wish there was a better home screen, with things layed out in one, more convenient location. Otherwise, I enjoy using this app with people in my life!
Super slow recently. Ghosting as you type and extremely slow loading conversations. Have to type real slow or the keyboard can't keep up, but keyboard works fine on system and any other app. Acts like app is low on memory and can't keep up. Resource intensive. Please fix. Used to work great. Also stupid icon that shows during loading seems to slow stuff down.
In the last two years, discords changes to the android mobile app have made the experience worse. Increased crashes and load times. However, the new UI overhaul completely takes the cake with how cluttered and not user friendly it is. It makes the app experience significantly worse, and I will only use discord until a better alternative is created.
I changed my ipod into a samsung tablet. So I regot this app on there, but for some reason on the apple this app you can change the background, colors, etc and make it look cool. While on my samsung its plain and boring. I hope you can change this.   It also blocks every picture sent to me and says low connection when i do have connection. Also my messages keep getting delayed because supposedly my wifi is low. Please fix this issue.
Worst app ever
Works OK, but no longer as secure as it used to be.
The new update is awful, especially with the bugs. I have dark mode on my phone and have always had it this way; the same goes for discord mobile, always had it on dark mode. But now I have to choose between the two because of a bug where some of the text is highlighted in white, while the text is also white/grayish. It makes it so difficult to read, and following that.. it changes some of the darker role colors for no reason to a lighter color?? I don't enjoy this at all.
I just installed this yesterday and received my first calls today. The first time I could hear the caller but she couldn't hear me. The second time it disconnected us right away. The third attempt after about 3 minutes caller couldn't hear me but I could hear her. Very frustrating! I just want to be able to talk for 10 minutes!
Every time I try to @ someone it messes up. I cant do it on my s7
Thanks
Im Getting Honestly Frustrated, Because I Use Discord For alot of things, and Usually Am In Calls Alot, Though for SOME REASON Recently Nothing seems to be wrong with my Calls With Some People, For Instantance In DMs With One of my friends, We Can Play Games While In a VC Talking, And Everything's fine, But Then In This Group Chat I Made, I AND ONLY I, Keep Getting Kicked out of the Call, Forcing me to Have to Leave the Game, Everytime, To Go Manually Reconnect Myself, And then Restart the Game.
Its good and all but...BRING BACK THE OLD THEME pls.. I really miss it felt
No one:
Horrible, I can't login nor register. i reinstalled more than 10 times and it still doesn't work. Everytime when I try to login or register it says that I have caught an ultra rare error. PLEASE fix this
The only thing that bothers me is I get text messages and group messages at the same time. I'm constantly having to delete the text messages.
The last update completely made it unresponsive. It's such a bother to use discord on my phone right now
See power of Muslim 👿
Good app & Safe
I wanted to use this SPECIFICALLY TO VERTIFY MY ACCOUNT. But NOPE, I have to pay to use it. Don't waste your time on this. It's useless unless you want to pay 10 dollors every month.
25 second calls?????? Such geniuses i swear. 0 STARS,you lucky i HAVE to pick one .tf outta here( text plus if you want a real app )
text messages from people arent coming through
dont like that you are unable to permanently turn off notifications.
Worked very well for what I needed
The planned removal of SMS means that I have to ditch this app, since it will bring my contacts list down from 'everybody I know' to 'one person' and that just isn't worth the space on my phone.
It's great to have sometimes. Missed calls come in and it never rings, calls are dropped on every phone call. This was only temporary because I have to get a new phone service. It's ok temporary but not long term.
For a texting app textfree is an okay wifi app, choosing your own # is a definite plus, however the calls leave alot to be desired, even in full wifi mode your calls get dropped,  only other issue is every update requires more internal data usage then im happy with, im comparing other text sites because of this now and finding others use less data n are just as good if not better
This app is ok but sometimes it just doesn't let me send a picture or text
Sometimes I have to close and reopen the app because it only shows me the last channel I was on no matter which I select
Worked for a couple of days anyway. I will be uninstalling this.
New update messed everything up. Used to be 5 stars
It is good but for some reasons it won't let me sign in
Great place
Ads have become invasive! The ads were fine before but now when I press the X on the ad it takes me to the play store for whatever app it's advertising, gets annoying FAST.
Overall a good communication app
Well so far it's working out pretty well but I need to get that signal in front love my phone and I'm having problems doing that
Great so for sharing pictures and messages. I would give it 5 stars if I could edit an existing post. I would also like to be able to insert a post between 2 existing posts.
The new mobile UI is absolute dogwater.
Very useful when needs to be
There is new issues appeared like the whole app crash or can't use some buttons ( good thing i changed the appearance cuz I had problems with dms lol) and no body can hear me in vc even after I checked my settings. You can just reset it and use it again normally but yah there is still issues. It still nice
its a ok
Most of the time works well.
It shows me a different phone number
I don't get notifications half the time, so I miss a lot of messages from my group chats or even through private messages. Please fix this problem.
Just another messaging app, works well, me and my class mates use it to study together. Edit: dont receive notifications anymore unless I uninstall and install like once a week
Kept this program around because of the enhanced security features, and unlike the last time I tried to restore my backup, it actually worked. I can now recommend this program to the tech savvy.
I really enjoy using text now I never have any problems unless the Wi-Fi is having issues. I have my own phone number but I like to use TextNow when I speak to certain people or when I don't want people to know my actual phone number and it's free!!!
I am still learning how to navigate this but grateful for signal
Works when my other messenger apps don't, plus privacy. Very happy with it
A whole bunch of scams
Would love to use the app again if it would let me. Sign up process says choose a number, give an email and password. Somehow that's too complicated for the app so sign up fails everytime. Then if you try to sign up again it says you have too many accounts. I have 0. Please fix this, used it all the time back in high school, would like to again
Not free. Have to pay to receive a text with a code.
connection needs to work on. Otherwise great features and it's free!
Can't make calls. Good app! Not!!!
It sends fast and clear and simple
Can't no longer supports default, make it less useful, deleted
it's hard to use. whenever I try to click on videos my friends send me it almost never let's me watch and it barely even let's ME send videos. it's buggy and laggy and u made a hope website to search for servers. I hate this update
New version is too bad than older. This version make my phone lag and slowly. This not happen with older version. So should I buy a new phone ?
It is easy
It's a decent app. The texting feature is good and the calls are alright, but they have a tendency to drop after a certain amount of time. Recording videos or voice messages through it is frustrating. The quality is terrible when you play them back.
It's a good app, However when you try call people it always says "connecting" and it doesn't actually ring so u can't actually call the person u want to call and it annoys me because if I really need to call them I can't because it won't ring and it isn't just my divide I have tried on loads of other devices and it still doesn't ring
Calls are very rarely successful. Possibly the worst calling app I've ever used. It's meant to have all these calling options but honestly none of them work. Just use WhatsApp.
New interference update makes it super unfunctional. I have to keep installing older versions to be able to actually use it. please revert.
Honestly I don't get why people are rating discord so bad. It's one of the best apps
It repetitively logs me out of my work group & I cant see my schedule due to it. Terrible app.
Really? You have to go premium to receive two step verification codes? That's rediculous and not the definition of free texting. Just another cash grab. I recommend getting a different free texting app.
So far it's a great app. My only issue is all the damn adds! Like holy! LoL
It's nice way to chat privately
I loved the app until it keeps signing me out over and over again... MY GOODNESS, please fix this issue... it's really annoying. ..
Nice Good
Totally awesome great app
Have use this before now and he work perfectly
The new UI is awful. It takes ages to load and it glitches every channel of every server for me. Not to mention how difficult it is to search for things now. Don't fix something that doesn't need fixing. The old UI was perfect just the way it was.
love text now cuz when I'm out of minutes on my other phone my text now works!!
Excellent, need also business signal for do online business
It's okay. Does not sync contacts which is a good thing.
It keeps saying my pin is wrong. I reinstalled it twice but it wont take the pin.
Could be better in a few ways.
How do you have a calling app that disconnects the call everytime an ad pops up. Dumb
I accidentally went back to the new layout and I can't go back to the original/old layout. How do I go back now? Edit; Can you make it better or close to the old. I can't deal with it on my phone it will take me years to get used to it
Nothing
I use to love this app but for some reason all of my calls drop after two minutes or so.
It's a good app and all, it's just that It won't allow me to log in my accounts, and when I try to make another account, I can't because my phone number and email was in the other one, and it says it's invalid or something and that I can't make another account because my information was in the other one..
I enjoy this app so far no. Dropped calls.texting great.thank you text now😉😉
Lately the app would sometimes swallow your message and just not send it - or send it and not show it.
I like and enjoy the app but it makes every thing sound bad while in a call or channel and the joining sound with headphones is ear shaddering
Genuinely the biggest swing of an app from great to horrible I have ever seen. Who approved this?
You can talk to other people and it will send you a notification if your favorite streamer is live
Monthly sub/Yearly sub = Overpriced as fudge-doodles
It's a really good app but some of my friends account got block for no reason
App is great for keeping in touch with family and friends. The audio and video on video calls were not synced up. The time stamps on messages for me were off by four hours. Those were my only issues tho.
So far fails many calls. Need to improve signal pricessing at low bandwidth and resilence to interferences.
When I Go To partner offers on the app Why is it  when ever I click on a click action or  take a survey, they always say "Were sorry, but something  went  wrong "? I have tried uninstalling and  reinstalling,I have updated it to it's latest version and my internet connection is fine. This is a wonderful app ,but please help me because this is very  aggravating.
My voice note takes time to send after recording it, am on Android 12 I seriously don't know if it's my phone or discord but my friend also complained about this.. apart from that my review is still 5 🌟
TEXTNOW IS A WASTE OF MY TIME THEY SAID I WAS DOING THINGS THAT I WASN'T DOING. I CURSE TEXTNOWS NAME AND HOPE THEY GET SHUT DOWN. THEY SAID I CAN'T GET MY PHONE NUMBER BACK BECAUSE FOR NO REASON. THEY ALSO STOLE MONEY FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT BY NOT DOING A REFUND 5 TIMES NOW SINCE I HAVE BEEN WITH THEM.
Not able to choose UK country code
Having only one app to receive all text messages was golden. Signal should recognize when the app is not installed and allow users to deactivate and unlink with the phone. Previous Signal users that no longer have the app do not receive any text messages. It's very frustrating. This new change to not receive sms texts only force me to use a second app. Ads are a nuisance.
AMOLED mode not working, even turned on. The theme is still normal dark mode,which is dark grey rather than black
Cannot sign in
50/50 chance either my cal will go through , or drop.
app worked great for awhile, then after something went wrong, & then even fixed, after giving a not so plesant reveiw, things just got worse & worse, as if a child playing games with someone on their app. So very sad.
wonderful service. calls drop at times.
its okay . but i wont recieve messages sometimes . gotta turn my wifi off and then on again . so annoying .
It is fine but I don't really use it.
My go to free wifi calling app works like a charm
Help I can't install it
it's great and all bit it never responds and shuts me out plus it is super slow
Works most of the time extremely well.
This app was excellent. It was the best messaging app out there. Keyword "was". Now they're removing SMS support, so you will need two apps to flip between depending on who you're messaging. I don't want to juggle yet another messaging app, so RIP Signal. Hopefully they are smart enough to revert this myopic decision.
Wi fi and itsbjust not th best it needs more.
Pretty good love the improvement
No one can hear me yes microphones on this sucks
Voice call quality is really poor , the other person can barely understand what I am saying
A little confusing at first...
Works great when ever I need it
This app used to work amazingly but now I can't get a call I make a call when texts don't come for hours and when I do manage to receive the call nobody can hear me and I can hear them
App works as it should.
ever since the app was updated its been glitching...the old version didn't do that...needs to be fixed
ALWAYS clear sound and excellent messaging!
So.. I can't react to anything, and I can't risk loosing this account I currently have since I hardly remember my password to this account.
This update sucks. It keeps telling me check my connection. Connection is fine. Now it's saying set my time to current time to use the app. You should definitely give people an option on these surprise updates that eventually ruin the app. If you don't fix the problem I would like a refund on the 1000 minutes I can't use
Notifications are not showing out. App need to developed.
Used a textfree # to sign up for a certain social media account. Everything was fine until the sm account needed to send me a security verification code. Textfree doesn't support short code verification emails so now I can't get into the sm account until I can get the code. TF support said to use a carrier # but I can't access my sm account to make changes. I'm screwed. Anyone know of an app that will allow me to put in the tf # to receive messages so I can get the code?
This is very useful for people that are out of service or just cannot get their phone to work which at the moment I can't im not having the best day!!!
10/10 great way to lose your innocence (joke)
hello, i am the person who said my account @lemiajames has been disabled and i dont know why bc i lost access to my email used for it but still have the phone number i think. if anyone sees this, i sent an appeal on the website i was told to send it to replying to the previous review. please update me on what i have done wrong and if i can reactivate my account via sms (my phone number is in the appeal), thank you so much.
yes my wifi and data service works just fine. It's a issue on your end.
5now text
Discord after the new update us annoying, but the problem I have is that I can't send any images, I've tried everything and nothing
Very glitchy
Fun and you can get some great art
how do you close the function for the 3minute dc from call?
Cannot response immediately.... confirmatory text was not deliver instantly
The value of this was having messaging centralized. This is my sms app. That also enabled people to be converted, if I wanted more secure options with them. Now, they're removing sms. That means that all my texting will be unable to go through signal. I'm not splitting my time between two sms platforms, just because one is secured. This is a very bad move. I'm not using 2 things, and require sms because many people don't have signal, so my messaging will just be insecure, now. Change your mind.
Would give 5 stars if you could talk on it but the only thing you can do is text
Used to work really well. Since the update it takes forever to load messages (if they load at all) my work chats all the sudden one day just disappeared and i have to post things multiple times to get them to send.
Always says this device is not certified
i honestly dont like the new update, ive been using since 2019 and i already have muscle memory set and i just dont like the new ui. it reminds me of snapchat. just make a option to go back to the other one because honestly i hate this update.
if the comments are Tru the community has spoken sms failure is the death of signal
Normal
Gorgeous app
Used to be awesome before they removed the SMS integration. Now everyone I convinced to use it stopped using it.
slower than it used to be. The app takes longer to load up and written
Dropping SMS support means I'll need to find a new default messaging app and that my hopes of getting more folks to use Signal are dashed!
So I dont really know what I did but my texts were not sending and and occasional they would send but then I would go a day or two without being able to send a text like It would send it just wouldn't go through on the other side. now I think im banned because I texted "Hi" in a gc? so now my account has been limited? Idk please fix this textnow Idk what i did lol. Other than those tiny winzy problems... it great!!!
why did you update the mobile app?
This is the most Secure 🔐 messaging app I have ever used but I have 2 problems :-: 1st). Not many people use Signal because they just don't know about it so I'm kinda stuck with WhatsApp. 2nd). I don't know how to back up my chats on Signal since I don't find a backup option where I can use my Google Drive to backup my chats by using my email address. I recently format my smartphone & I lost all my chats, so please make the backup chats option simple & easy.
Love discord but so buggy and slow lately.
Whoever made this new update should be fired. It's convoluted, ugly, and the most frustrating thing I've ever had to use. There are so many unnecessary changes to the layout and icons. It's inconvenient and soulless.
Have only used for a few weeks in one group but so far seems very solid. I like being able to mute.
I love it when my phone is off i can use this
Used to use this app years ago and it worked fine. Time has passed and this app is not the same. Very glitchy, ton of adds, paid for 100 minutes for 1.99. Continues to say dropped call. Very disappointed.
Discord has glitches and freezes, like before Microsoft bought discord, it wasn't having this problem
You have to watch an ad every time you open the app and in the middle of conversations every single time you send a message, this used to be a good app it's just trash now
It is as good, perhaps even better than, as WhatsApp - why? Because it has all the features of WhatsApp but without the risk that they would use your data. Signal is formed by a group of people whose intentions are to protect the user.
Dont use this you cant hear the people your trying to call
Awesomeness app
What in the world is the Dev team thinking removing SMS support?! The whole reason to use the app is to consolidate encrypted conversations with SMS. Its a real shame that longtime users like myself and many others will have to find another option to do something that should be very simple. The Dev team needs to seriously reconsider their direction here. I hope for viable forks.
Didn't give me any numbers for my state. When I tried to reopen it told me I had violated the terms of use and needed to activate my account. But they never actually send the activation email.
Great service and couldn't be happier.
Dude it's ok but have it for like three days maybe four an it starts not letting you watch videos for free minutes and then really starts messing up by not letting u pick up or end calls and takes forever to start after u click the app most of the time u see a black screen or a white one for like 5 minutes before it actually starts working
Deletes me from group chats, claims I'm still in them and won't let me rejoin. Direct Messages either delete themselves or never send.
The app will not allow me to make a phone call
So why is Skype just giving up??? With other apps on the rise like ZOOM I think Microsoft drastically needs to shift gears and focus on salvaging there 8 billion dollar investment before its to late... ZOOM whent from 1k downloads a day to over 3 million when the global pandemic hit. I'm no rocket scientist but the way I see it Skype has got real competition for the first time and is swiftly loosing popularity to said competition.
This app does not work. 50% of the times, the calls would not get connected. for $9.99 per month, look elsewhere.
I love Discord so this hurts I've been using Discord since 2017 and have always loved it but with the new changes everything is going downhill. The new UI is terrible but what's even worse is the Discord Team blatantly ignoring our pleas to revert the changes. It hurts my heart to see an app I've loved so dearly be ruined for no apparent reason. I hope the users will show their displeasure by unsubscribing from Nitro and continuing to be vocal about these issues until Discord finally wakes up.
The new update is so poorly optimized it barely works on fold phones and the old UI is way better...why change things just for the sake of changing...sigh
One long ongoing feed for everything. I don't like having to scroll through a lot of messages to find content. Take a photo of anything you want to find later or forget it. People get offended when you have to ask for the information again later and or you ask to repost it. I'm forced to use the app by my associations that so use it... UGH!
Update update update ffs just let me use the bloody thing.. or dont stop me from using it unless i do as im told fkn anoyying
Its good because you can call and text people
I am able to send txt internationally, but apparently cant receive txt fr int'l ppl who have said they did reply.
The new update is extremely laggy and turns three words + some lag and creates a paragraph that takes a minute to erase without selecting the whole thing and hitting "cut" because of, big surprise, lag.
Eh it ight
Texting is very easy with this app, but making or receiving calls doesn't work. Text now is a much better app.....
It's been really good and how I feel like it's so private
"TextNow is unavailable in your country"
I love the app it's a amazing talking app but the only issue I had was discord randomly kicking me off call randomly, it doesn't happen a lot but I think that's a bug but overall the best app I use everyday.
The app is reasonable.  Settings are difficult to manage and find at times. Delays in downloading too.
Sometimes Reliable Gets Job Done & Sometimes.... Throws Phone
INTRUSIVE, VIOLATED AND UGLY!!! "Text Free" must get cents per sec from entities, corporation's, etc... you are Tracked/Stalked by immediately more than Goggle themselves. It's scary and shocking to see 1,000's of apps/whatever/whoever they are you never even used or heard of profiling you. It should be said how much data is taken from a person. Get "DUCKDUCKGO" if you have no means of privacy for your devices. "Nothing is Private online/devices incase you are not aware." Peace ✌
The new UI update makes it so difficult to use that I'm uninstalling. Terrible decision.
It's a great way to keep everyone in our group on the same page. If we can't get to a meeting for some reason, GroupMe keeps me updated.
I give 2 to this app because after so much attempt to get my account back, they deleted it.
I'm having a lot of fun with this app. Really functional and dependable.
I been using discord for a long time but sometimes it doesn't let me send pictures to my server or group chat
It's good but he took long time to made and account
The apps amaxing overrall somestimes notifications stop sending even though ive got eveything enables correctly it just doesnt sends them in sometimes
trying to change the phone # linked to my account, and having no luck. This
Needs to be more user friendly/ easier to use
I would like to see Signal replace classic SMS as the default messaging app on all cellular devices, but not before Signal makes one very important change: Please allow my desktop Signal app to load all previous messages from my mobile phone's Signal app, just like the default "Messages" app does when I do "Device Pairing" in Chrome on my desktop.
Cannot send pictures for some reason since yesterday afternoon! Please fix it! It used to be working well!
I think it's a great deal
Please add swipe right to see who's online back instead of to reply. It's confusing.
i like that it has its own photo storige
Skype has limit call 24hours, if its more than 24hours, immediately call dropped. I use skype to call my fiance everyday... when its call dropped, its annoying and irritating for me also for my fiance... please fix this bugs, i miss old skype...
I've had no problems with this app. So I like the service that it serves!
I hate the new update. I've been having problems with it ESPECIALLY with my keyboard/trying to send messages
Heaviest app ever! I have never see an app so slow! It looks to work with a PC of the '90.
Clunky. Difficult. Hard to send pictures or gifs don't go Posts sometimes will not go.....then double post Only thing I like about GroupMe is the ability to like someone's post
Well it may work but it takes over my phone. My phone will behave in a strange way as in the calls will hang up on me.
Overall, it's a good app. We should be able to edit our posts though.
This app has been doing everything it offers! I appreciate you guys!
How do y'all sign me out my account I go to login in and it deletes my number I had for few years what the hell not cool at all for doing that
It's a Cryptid message in my email for this app
The new version will remove SMS functionality, leading to an inferior product. Very sad as i previously was an enthusiastic evangelizer.
This program only works half the time. I have messages sitting in a pending state and people wondering why i am not answering them. What good is a secure program if it cant send a message...
Great group chats but need to buy additional emoji if you wanted
It's a good app for socializing. So far, I have only one friend on here, & I would recommend this to anyone that wants to come on here.
Dropping SMS support makes this completely useless. I only know like one other person who uses this. Horrible decision, goodbye!
Overall, it's OK, but there's still no actual 'block' feature that has been requested by users for years. The blocked person can still read messages and continue to troll and/or harass people. There needs to be a real block feature like Twitter has. Someone gets blocked; I can't see their messages and they can't see mine. The report feature does virtually nothing as well. Until then, the app gets a low rating.
The app used to be very stable but now a simple notification with a picture in it can crash my phone so badly that I have to restart it. The management of medias is very clunky, half of my gallery pictures are displayed in the photo picker. I tried clearing the cache/data and reinstalling the app but no success. I guess its the price to pay for not running the latest Android. Its becoming tough to promote Signal to friends and family when your personal experience is getting worse :(
I JUST MADE THE ACCOUNT AND IT STARTED OFF W ZERO MINUTES , WHY?
I like the app but couldn't get sim card to work
This new interface is not working properly and freezing and extramingly low. I cant even explain hoe bad this is.
I love this app!💙
Love this app been using it for years. I wanted my personal number to be private from my business and this is perfect. I hate that there's now huge ads that pop up and are slightly annoying to get rid of. For that you get 4 stars.
Good to use when your phone is off or have portable wifi
app gave me in order to verify it is really my number. It does at least let
Needs to give more minutes
A really good app for sending messages/media/files and having calls/screensharing. Not cluttered by media junk by default. 👍
GroupMe is not working correctly. All my uploaded pictures are not showing up in group chat room gallery. I have to manually scroll up and down within the chat to search them. I'm part of a major Motorcycle Club, we use picture uploads for vital information. If this is not fixed soon, you guys will be looking at a whole state of South Carolina leaving this app to find another app. I like GroupMe so please fix it before me and my team replaces this app with another. That includes iPhone users also
Slow to receive messages or when i send message it loads for abit before it went through to the sender. Gif not working. No picture at all.. not able to send gif. Please fix it.
So i upgraded the app because it had problems loading. It is still the same thing. In order for it to work i would have to turn of my phone and it will go away. Now even if i do that, its the same problem. Even worse because i see the loading pop up after 15 minutes or so whenever i have to turn off my phone. Also sometimes i get the messages super late and i know it has nothing to do with the internet connection. Now that gets me mad. I like this app, its just those two  major things that bother me.
Sometimes I cannot send messageson sig nal apps
I find the app to be a little difficult to navigate
My notifications aren't coming through even though my notifications are on
Best app to ever exist on the univesre
I particularly love the "delay delivery" option on messages. Great and simple app, with everything you want.
Multiple bugs. If I could keep my number I'd go to something else. While texting, ads continue to change. They change in banner size as well. When this happens the screen blinks, the keyboard jumps around and often what i have typed is deleted. This is extremely annoying. Please fix this.
I need to know how to remove and block a specific conversation please.
Easy to install
Hi Developers! I don't know if you will reply this or not but can you bring back the old Text Free app? The one you used to call Textfree EX. I miss that one. I still have it on my old iPod touch 5th gen. Notice its no longer in any of the app store. I was lucky to have never uninstall it and I am still able to text on it and receive text to but it lags big time but the point is now I'm on android. I know there basically kinda the same thing but the difference was the Textfee EX had a setting option where you could change your main screen wallpaper and your conversation wallpaper background. If you can't bring back that old app, can you at least add that old feature to this new Text free app? If so Thank you!
its fine but when i call someone and they dont ansewr the lady comes on for
Delete this TextNow it belong to the hacker Andrew r Quihuiz out in Texas
In iPhone the icon app is still the name is sigal and not weather, or news and you cannot hide the messages
Good app and services
So far its going great just started using the app
Bugs, galore. Always messing up.
App keeps crashing all of a sudden i dont know why i tried every other alternative please fix!
Cant Redownload
Since latest update, if I share from another app new chats don't show in list until I open them. Needs a way to select all messages in a conversation. Selecting individual messages to delete was tedious. Recently, it has gotten very difficult. I have to tap several times to select each message sometimes, and it clicks several times for each tap rather than once. Not sure what the cause is. Only happens in Signal.
The app is very good clear voice good noise suppression everything is fine but the app is to good for low end phone it just takes 19 % of the process it is a lot for low end phones it makes my phone's restart two times in a row ????? Please fix this for low end phone
Great App, the adds were annoying but subscription is pretty good. I only have one qualm and that is; it doesn't have a dark mode or theme change.
I have had a wonderful experience with signal.
It doesn't allow most calls to come through. It says received but it never rings or gets answered. And when talking, people hear my response late.
EDIT; BRING BACK SMS\MMS. WOW. HORRIBLE IDEA. NOW OFFICIALLY A DEAD APP...... I've gotten stranded w no ride because this app. JERKS took down my review, even tho I didn't violate any guidelines whatsoever. I'm here again, because I can't send any messages, so I thought I should share how poorly this app functions. all my other phone apps are connected and working. it's just signal.... it's AWAYS signal.
Stuff like this usually gives you minutes when you first sign up,but this one doesnt you have to pay for it or download a bunch of games and play them first.
Tried text messaging but every time i send a text to takes several minutes before you would know if the message was sent, with a check mark. I think they need to come up with a better way of let the customer know that their text was sent.
Not enough bonus
great way to communicate with your friends family and MOST importantly co workers
Please revert the UI change :(
Not loading
It literally disables your texting for 24 hours if you "spam" messages.ie sending like 10 pictures at once. Plus a ridiculous amount of ads
Great when it works properly
Was good trash now
Still facing this same issue.Messages doesn't sent on time not even receives probably 1st time I ever facing this problem over all other apps. Notifications delayed.
The updated UI sucks it's harder to switch channels
I like the app but it lags and crashes on my phone when i enter it i need it for tournaments and stuff but i cant just use it.
Unknown
Fix your app. Its getting more and more frustrating to use. It doesn't work half the time now. If you cant keep it up than you shouldnt have it.
Great for texting but HORRIBLE if needed for calls‼️
ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING! does NOT let me use my right of free speech GRAHHH one star!!!!
I've been using Signal since 2018 but I have now deleted the app as they are no longer supporting SMS and it's not worth using two different apps.
Very reliable good app
Search is pretty weak, finding channels. By fuzzy search for example doesn't really work. Threads vs channels is confusing. Not being able to boost a server from mobile is odd. I use discord almost exclusively on Mobile.
Can't download it on my Android 9 phone😢
Very teliable to use
This is a great way to connect with others with some protection. However the description is pretty old. It's not Halloween time anymore.
Bremerton WA by C&c store
Its not free talk you have to pay for additional minutes and only get a few free... trash!
Better than Whatsapp and more private
If you don't want to pay for a phone, this is your bare minimum option. I wanted to rate it higher but recently texts are taking 12 hours to actually come through, incoming calls lock up my phone, and a whole plethora of other problems that weren't here when I signed up. Hopefully they figure it out.
The life saving App !? Thank All yall that helped put this App together. I Appreciate all the hard work yuns's do 4 everybody. Thanks !!!
Your app doesn't work. It just spins & spins when I click on the "join group" button or trys to redownload the app I've already downloaded & installed over & over. From a pixel pro 7.
Why I can't download this application
I I have been a text now user for years I mean it's a good app just has crazy ads uncontrollable ... But overall good apps but now app is not working you don't know if they are working on the app store!? but app is not loading up at all. thumbs down text no app itself is not working!!!
NOT happy about the dropping of SMS support which is why I chose signal and became a monthly donor. Will have to look for a replacement that will support SMS.
It's got what I need
After the recent update, I can no longer stay in the invisible mode. It always switches to available as soon as I switch the app.
Some calls dont come through at times please fix this
Nice to video call chat is smooth
I can always reach family on this app TextNow rocks!!
Been using this app for long time but it freeze up won't let you answer disconnect the call slow when opening the app if you trying to call someone you have to keep hitting the person name then it will say app not responding close app if all these issues can be fixed this would be an amazing app
I love this app is good and cool
It's good but when I enter my login stuff right it doesn't work I tried logging in this is broken its werid bc I deleted the app for a glitch and installed it again and when I installed it again I tried logging in my login won't work plz fix
It works fine... But managing two brands... Somehow merge into one brand.. Teams
Hard to number
It great and it the best message app you can get however there some bug with the call that says internet is bad and my internet is good so if u can fix bug that would be nice.... 🙂🙂🙂👍👍👍👍
I used to love this app, but it crashes all the time!
Just one problem you used to let us get confirmation codes to text now and now it's saying that I need to upgrade.. can you guys do everything you can to change that. This is the only number I have at the moment and I need confirmation codes sent to this number so thank you for taking the time to read this
A great way for members of group to stay informed and I touch
This updated app has some lagging problem because it try to connect with the internet each time when i open this app...so keep change something in it
Just initiated
Cant opeñ incoming calls
Works great sometimes. But most of the time I have to actually go into the app for the messages to refresh and come through. The notifications don't work appropriately. I've received lots of important messages very late. It's frustrating
I would rate 5 but the offers for the free minutes is crappy at times and if you looking to buy minutes I wouldn't do it. Sorry just being honest, if that matter gets cleared I'd be happy.
Says it is free then as soon as you select a number they charge you
App sucks. Have problem receiving calls and can't get any help from customer support. Spent most of 3 days "chatting with their experts" and no resolution.
I can't create an account. It's telling me incorrect pin
Bluetooth wont connect if you connect a headset after a call has Started. the option to change the audoo will disappear as soon as a Bluetooth hedset is connected. i have to end the call and xonnect the headset forst to be able to use it
Quick and easy way to send and receive vital information 🙌
I have had text free for many years, I'm so sorry I updated it recently. Now I can't use it as a separate txt. It forces you to have your normal phone txt in it, before I had a choice. And all the comercials, yes full blown Comercials that take up half the page. Its hard to send and receive txt because of the advertisements. Time to look elsewhere.
free can't complaine
The app is good. I appreciate the use of banner ads rather than commercials. It's probably a four-star app, except that every time someone texts, my phone lets out an ear-piercing, bloodcurdling scream of a notification. There seems to be no way to change it in the android UI, and when you go to the in-app sound settings it just kicks you back to the android app configuration menu. It does not use the default system notification; I can't even adjust the volume down.
Was good while it lasted. Signal not supporting SMS just killed it for me. Guess I'm back to Google messages with RCS.
Better app than what'sup amazed by its choice of
So awesome. Need to get with no ads. Only complaint. To many ads! But very easy and free.
Why do you people have to ask every single time I go into this app you have to ask for me to set up calls and messaging? I get texts and calls on the app fine but you keep asking that stupid question everytime runs this whole app.
So far the app has been great 👍
The new update is terrible. The text is smaller and harder to read and the white menus (such as the group name and the settings) are a bit disorienting. Please bring back the blue.
The app is great but what are u guys doing to the mobile version, it becomes slower and slower with each update and now its a lag fest whenever im trying to do anything keyboard or emoji related. Im not gonna buy an expensive phone. Optimized ur app please.
Keeps not hanging up and very slow0
That app is fine but the call is not good load noise and more you may all know so I will give it A 2
Very good for screensharing and group project work. I use it all the time to do group projects with my friends
try to reduce the ads
Latest update to the UI made it very uncomfortable to access DM's. For new users it may be more easier to navigate but I digress. It's very weird to open DM's with a bottom button tho it's just IMO
This app sucks. Half the time it won't send the messages even. Stupid. I wouldn't have it if my company didn't require it.
Like a lot of other users, love discord as a program but on my phone it's extremely buggy. This sure is the only way to use discord on an android!
Last update forced a terrible new UI that puts many important features in the exact same place that in-app notifications pop up, instead of swiping left for them like the older UI, which was much more functional. I'm going to stop using the mobile app altogether because it's such an awful user experience.
Now able to talk to my friends
The app is soooo slow. Great on a PC but terrible on phones
Wat happpend it was great but then it wpuldnt alert me
Lots of scam calls . Voice-mail doesn't work. Other then that it's good as a back up if u don't want people knowing ur number
pretty cool. minus 1 star for CCP spyware
Great app! Needs a few tweaks, better emojis, as the blue emojis are hard to see and discern the faces.
The app is good but idk how to change my number. someone keeps texting me 😬
Reliable service
It used to be good, but now it won't let me call anyone and is always lagging
The notifications are not working. I have to keep opening the app to see who texted me and it's not letting me receive pictures. ...please fix this problem ASAP before I delete
Skype is very useful that is why i want to sign in again. So kindly help me to sign in. Thank you.
Emotional
The text part of the app worked very well actually for me when i didnt have a phone.
i have to use vpns because my gov is retarded. now everyday i have to sign in again. and today it says my account is blocked because of "suspicious activities". just be normal like all other platforms, instead of adding insult to our injuries plz
I like the app but when i try to upload files or videos it randomly doesn't upload the video when i try to post one
No one can hear me talk its poopy.
Difficult to hear another person over the phone
It's okay ☺️ though it sometimes the sound isn't that good 😉 😂😜😅☺️🤣😜🤣🤠🤣😜🤣
It's been really great so far.
so the app was working fine but the lady few days its acting strange not working properly and constanly loading slow and crashing
There are some of us with no active phone. I will rate higher when it is changed
Better than WhatsApp
I love this app the only problem is when I have a code sent to me Textnow won't let me have the code without doing something and I don't know what to do
Make it so i can use my number to get verification on all things including websites, apps etc. When you do that I'll give 5 stars. Otherwise a great wifi text app.
Keeps forcing updates by breaking message send. Still an issue 1.5 years later, and updates often fail to install.
dude fix your app on PC bro it's hella laggy
Is very good app for calls and messages
I dont get messages or notifications, constantly have to login and out to get messages abd sometimes that does not work either, verified number and login several times
this app is trash. never notifies me of text OR calls. cant get a hold of customer serice, there useless... dont waste your time if you read this
At first I was so happy but I am 7 and I can not text you are crrrrrrrazy 😀😁😂😐😕😠😬😡😢😤😈
Ther aer a lot of people that try to gete to leson so that can hack me and that aer not poeple I no or have seen in the past but it's still not a good place for yung kids that do not noo haw to get out of oun of those problems so keep you,r kids shaf
The App A Pimp Cant Live Without
Rated r jerkmate chat with me
Does what it's supposed to. Good quality voice and video. Having said that, definitely room for improvement when it comes to UX and additional features.
keeps saying to verify phone number after log in with email
It was nice, some adjusting on my part, I believe.
Account was hacked and they won't let me recover it. Someone was using my credit card to buy international minutes. Had to cancel the card and report fraud. Skype does not care and the hacker still has my account. Do not use Skype.
eat
After using this for a while and subscribing to get a fixed no, the app is now crashing in my Xiaomi mi 10 ultra and I'm stuck. Can't even open it as it closes right away! Please help.
This app is cool, BUT LITERALLY I CANNOT PUT IN MY NEW EMAIL BECAUSE MY OLD ONE GOT PERMA DELETED. I COULDNT FIX IT IN TIME AND DISCORD IS TELLING ME I NEED TO USE MY OLD EMAIL FOR VERIFICATION WHEN I LITERALLY CANNOT ACCESS IT ANYMORE. SO I CANT PUT IN MY NEW EMAIL AT ALL. THIS IS REALLY UPSETTINGA AND FRUSTRATING MY GOD WHY DO YOU GUYS MAKE THE WORST UPDATES AT TIMES MAN.
The call quality is awesome! The user interface and app itself if much lower than the average messaging apps. It is crazy complicated and doesn't feel natural at all.
I like it a lot, but the only bad thing is the varification
very good and free
It's bad because it's not a free app if got to pay
Not intuitive when organising contacts, great apart from that.
still one star, please never update the app ever again
I received an invite text to join a group but I cannot for some reason. When I click the link in the text, it comes up "not able to load conversation". Then the app closes because of a bug issue. I have Uninstalled and installed so many times and it still does not work.
I wouldn't bother with this app if you have put the wrong email address in by mistake trying to delete that account to start with right email address is almost impossible so don't bother the amount of replies in email form I've had saying they can't delete need the other email addresses to confirm to delete is madness I'm sticking with this review
someone fix this thank you 👎😒😦🙁
Heavy on your internet and hardware, tons of bugs and outdated.
It is wonderful. Thanks
It will not well with the owner of this apps
Great app, but lock in number is kinda annoying.also is there a free trial? thanks
Had to temporarily get a new number to get ahold of someone who blocked me, was 100% free call went through perfectly and quality was great. Didn't use the text feature though
Needs to be completely free
You should give option to change the ring tone.
Problem in notification sound it only vibrate but no notification sound.
Works great,who knew
Awesome app!
THIS APP REQUIRES YOU ADD YOUR PHONE NUMBER! Its a glorified chat room app, but they "need" your phone number. Even X (Twitter) allows you to browse without a phone number/account.
Honestly I loved Skype but know it's just not worth it anymore I created an account easily last time with my number but know it's telling me that they don't support my country code and even after I went far enough it still didn't log in right now I regret using Skype
until I open the conversation. It also shows that im the only member on the
Sucked your app is slow and dont respond well at all
Why cant i cancel my subs. I cant find the option anywhere
Well I only use it for emergency so I guess its okay
20.11.2022 onwards skype stopping automatically .iam uninstall and reinstall also🥺 amy one can help me
can't even look for old messages anymore. always get a "We searched far and wide. Unfortunately, no results were found." doesn't matter if the messages are 2 weeks old or 2 years old. you can't find them. this app gets worse with each update
But now wont send pics.. For 4 months now not working
Great app, I use it everyday to contact my long distance relationship. Love it.
When I call any of my friends the call is breaking too much overall it's an excellent app
Please give security option for group meeting that anyone cannot remove or mute other participants.
Text now could use a little better coverage when it comes to WiFi calling. I'm all the way full when it comes to WiFi signal bars. But yet it still breaks up badly when I call people. Other than the coverage on WiFi networks. This is the most reliable talk and text app on the market. Hands down. Easy and SOOO, convenient to use
Good apps so far
Cannot work over 3G network. That's the best in most corners of my country...
At first the app worked perfectly but now my messages remain unsent and phone calls that are made to me only show up when missed. Really frustrated by this app now and unfortunately will have to switch to another platform
crashes far too often and "we dropped the magnifying glass" happnes way too much the remix feature also sometimes doesn't work as intended
Works very good and makes it easy to plan team events.
Best one to keep in touch with family. Easy
This is a mix of bad and good but when its bad it will not let you text at all. You type a few words then it takes you back to your home screen. Every other app I have does not do that
It looks nice now but doesn't work as well; can't see if someone is online; now have even less options to be away, online, or appear offline; and you can't send gif you have or your phone because no one else sees them move they just see stand still pictures.
I liked that it was free
Great for connecting with fam and friends.
Conversations are stopped when talking because people on the other end can't hear me in middle or beginning of Conversations
Was downloading and read the reviews and just uninstalled it. The trouble others are having make it not even worth trying. Charging for a service you can only use at home😂 So then I do try it. And has no numbers in any of my surroundings area codes. So I don't want it even more now.
Needed to relieve my stress,youre asking me if am human cant you just send me the code already,already jnstalled it ,come anf check if am an animal ,look at you am so angry,no stars,dont install this app ,coz they think cows use phones too,seriously dont
Talking on the phone with textfree isn't the best, but it helps when you're in a pinch. Texting is great!
When I leave a voice memo while wearing my buds or headphones it uses my microphone from my phone. Absolutely unacceptable
The app is overall very good but it does have some bugs and crashes Some bugs occur when you're trying to move a role higher on mobile. it sometimes works, sometimes not Crashes occur when you try to generate a "Never-ending" invite link and this crash occurs in like 1/3 whenever you're trying to create a custom link of your discord server
It hasn't been that many years since using most any other texting app seemed wanton and irresponsible to me, but some of them came around, and stole some of the thunder. That's a victory in its own way, but having to use some other app for the other 98.5% of my contacts... There's not much point to using this one like there used to be. There's just no downside, either. I won't tell you to install and use this (anymore), but I doubt I'll uninstall it.
Works awesome but you do get a lot of ad's.... wish that would change without the monthly fee...
Random people text me and ask my height and my name Candice Berry creepy so you guys need to fix it or I'm deleting this app
Love it. Only trouble is every once in a while notifications stop.
Bad decision to not support SMS anymore.
App does not work in my country
Too many pop up ads and some messages that people send me dont come through. The lock in number for google duo doesnt work and I have to pay for it. My phone cant do the wifi free calling and texting and when someone calls me I can rarely click accept
Asked to join,  download the app,  now it seems I am not invited to the group. the invitation has already been used somehow.
After choosing free number and try to send text i get message Apology but your number is not available after being inactive for some time. It was only few seconds after getting the number
I have a Chrome Box. Skype used to open by itself. Recently the Chrome extension upgraded to a tab in Chrome. Now weirdly I have to open a group call to get into the program. What a mess! Cant get at my chat list without making a call to nowhere and hanging up.
Privacy = Signal
Great app, but I sometimes dont  receive message notifications.
All things are best.. Excluding downloading large files difficult..and and please improve downloading part
I HAD TO PAY 49 DOLLARS AT A COMPUTER SHOP TO GET UP AND RUNNING BUT IT WAS WORTH IT.
I love this app but I wish you could pin messages (game/practice schedules, brackets etc)so they don't get lost in the responses. Other than that it's great.
Very useful app and easy to use.
I will be trying to make a call and it rings once and them I don't hear anything. My brother n law says he can hear me when I call but I only hear one ring and on the top right corner it changes to either free call or the time starts as if someone answered please help!
I just installed the app yesterday and tried make and account and when I tried it said my account was disabled for some reason and I tried make a new email so I can use the app but I tried pick a phone number and it was loading to slow so the timer ran out and yet my wifi is fine but my account disabled again cause the timer ran out I don't know why it is doing this but it is very frustrating
I like discord but I really wish they would focus on performances and fixing bugs rather than weird ui updates
I cant send pics anymore even after uninstalling this program keep getting image could not be attached
You have to pay for minutes, the echo/static/reverb is crazy, there are ADS like crazy, and it doesn't ring on my end when anyone calls
It is a good app and not bad for me. But I need Wifi to go into it.
Good for the most part just sometimes leave notification bubbles that never go away until you uninstall the app
haven't used much but heres a report
Still no Entered Time of Messages to Track it's timely delivery...Poor retrieval of Voicemail still
forces you tu buy premium to get 2fa messages
Great job with this app
Why does my discord keep closing and even my brother's discord is not opening
Half of the time I try to send messages, it never actually sends and I have to retype the message and send it again...just for the original message to send minutes later. This is extremely annoying. Using Galaxy s9+. This app is almost unusable like this. PLEASE FIX!!
no backup. my phone failed, I had to wipe it & lost all Signal conversations
Buy credit. Take money. Don't give user access to make phone calls. Will robo call user who has bought credit. But just take money and don't give user permission to call or make texts. Great job. Horrible app. Used to be a good app.
I been having textnow for a year and I couldn't go wrong about switching over to it thanks to textnow 👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿
It's not as junky as other calling apps but I am not pleased with it. It drops calls for no reason, says "call rejected" if you make too many calls in a day, and it won't hang up! I can hit the button 10 times and it still shows the time going like I am still in a call, but the other person already hung up. They REALLY need to fix this stuff! I am forced to use it because I can't afford a good phone service, and this is the better one of many junky phone apps.
Thanks for supporting iran iranin people not forget this action
It won't stay installed
Great work app!
Id give a better rating if it didnt drop the call after 30 seconds after i placed the call.
The new interface for the app is dogshit and unusable. None of the controls are intuitive. Get it together Discord, don't change what ain't broke.
Its wack, imo don't give people the control to change your name, your name is yours, not theirs. Its a whole complication when we ourselves should be able 2 change our names not ask permission to someone else to change it for you. It takes a long time, and for them to mess up twice is huge waste of time. Now its me, and why do IIII have a problem with it. I don't like people having control over my personal things.
Nicer
what a joke cant make calls half the time have to go through laptop to make the calls
Before the update discord was the best thing ever but since they've updated everything its different and nobody likes it like I understand your trying to make it better but this is not it like bruh
Bad connection other person could never hear me only I could hear them
Good, and improving by the year।
I love this phone app.
New UI is a horrible experience.
You have to pay
that i hear, A SKYPE CALL FROM A GROUP CHAT. when i check im on active like
Overall the app is amazing but the texts and calls are very laggy and have bad quality.
Won't receive any calls
Fake app was noticed it could steel person information on news station sire
Very nice pic and video
Free awesome app with WI-fi. only thing is number gets taken away if u happen to not use it for more then 30days. fair enough tho. overall I enjoy it and would recommend it to friends &family. also emergency purpose it is very useful.
I would have given it 5 stars but I don't have a Facebook account is there any other way to get it😞
The latest update broke video uploads. All audio from videos I upload turn into white noise.
Everything works as it should. But ever since the update a few months ago it takes considerably long to load in pictures or videos. Or even when I leave discord for 3 seconds and come back in it would always go to the "connecting" thing even if my internet is perfectly stable.
I have been using Skype for a decade now. My problem with Skype at the moment is if someone or you send a youtube video it is sent as a link and that is annoying as you can preview what the link is about. I can't see why this cannot be done on Skype it is available on WhatsApp. I get an odd ring tone not the usual Skype sound when I have an incoming call.
Good app overall 👍
Total privacy
do not get tgis game it resets ur phone number
Don't work no signal waste
Just need to test it more.
Private,swift and best way to socialize! 👍
An excellent app , how do you block someone from texting you?
Great app to communicate with multiple people at once.
still Bluetooth is not connecting properly kinky look out the issue
Could use a few upgrades
Slow, laggy, and just feels outdated.
The new update is bad and ugly.
The app has improved but every time I try to boost a server discord crashes, it's been like this for almost a month
Rubbish- constantly locking me out
I works bu don't like the prof coin s
Soccer coach uses it to let team parents know about upcoming practices. Very convenient!!
I gave it 3 star because of its camera when someone share the screen it zoom full or the original it cannot zoom in what someone has to do,please do this problem solve thanks for my receiving comment
Kindly also add option of group massage restrictions only admin can massage.
It won't let me send messages and says my number has expired when I had just made an account.
Great for speaking to Antipodean colleague!
perhaps I just don't know how to do it.
I get 100 calls and text on that number but I have not given the number to anyone. I get calls and text before I use it
Ugghh I wish I could have this app but my mom blocked it as soon as I installed it :/
Put it back I want the old discord back I don't want this weird haft facebook messenger haft wanky stuf😭😭😭😭
Changing from a 2 to a 1, I've now read the article Discord keeps posting in response to 1-star reviews. In brief it explains the (obvious) goals of this redesign and works as a pretty open statement that they do not care that they failed to accomplish these goals and are not interested in any feedback whatsoever on their redesign. "If you don't like that the app is worse now, you just don't 'get it'" seems to be the response. No, I get what you tried and failed to do, it just sucks.
I like the privacy of the app it's been great
The app doesn't work! It show that all contacts are offline and all messages are pending. And there is no way to contact a support. People in the Skype community have similar issues, but no one responses their messages! Terrible product!
Good interms of privacy ,even you can customise the appereance according to your taste,finally a good app
Useful way for groups to share information
texts well on most numbers but during calls no one can hear me yet i can hear them. tried several phones. i tried that
Has some minor bugs every now and then, but it doesn't make the experience worse.
Zzz im sleep this is trash wont go pass the terms and agreements
reversed. and what's with removing/changing the emoji layout? now we have
recently ive been having problems with my camera being "unstable" idk if its my internet or disclrd but my internet has not changed and its getting really annoying. Idk if you all can fix it or not but it needs to be resolved.
The people I'm trying to text aren't even getting them from this app. Fix problems!
We are using it for our church to do prayer request and discussions between groups.
Great way to keep up with teams and groups. Prevents issues with group text on different mobile platforms. Four stars only because I miss direct message notifications often.
Not free, just received email saying I owe $7.99 or my prescription will be canceled i didn't pay for any prescription.
Happy to be with Signal although I haven't used it much yet
Very very very bad application.. Totally disappointed...
Great Performance
Hey! This app is not working. It is a hoax. No message going and coming. So I uninstalled this app. The developers are least bothered to check whether its working or not. Earlier in very old days many years ago it was good now it has turned into scam app. After paying also these apps and similar apps does not work and your hard earned money forfeited. They will not refund money nor any complaint cell available against these bogus fraud apps.
Just get service.
It's good I'm on mobile it's probs better on PC but I use it a lot I think it's good it easy to use tho
I would've given it a 5 if the app didn't tell me my password is wrong then I have to go through the whole i forgot my password shenanigans and when I get to pick a new password and put the one I used last time when I tried joining and it tell me ITS THE CURRENT PASSWORD ! hoe the HELL can a password be both not correct but also already used by me ? The hell is this app
Looking for a user-friendly messaging app that offers end-to-end encryption, customizable notifications, and message scheduling? Check out Text app! With excellent customer support and optimized performance, this app is a reliable choice for staying connected with friends, family, and colleagues. Its high ratings from users and robust feature set contribute to its ranking on Google. If you want a messaging app that is both feature-packed and highly rated, Text app is definitely worth trying out!
You cannot call with any Wi-Fi, and there are so many annoying ads.
Good app buh i need more minutes and no new video has popped up for me to earn them to call people
Removing sms is a bad move. I and most other will leave.
It wont even let me open the app yall need to fix somethin cause this app jus crashed out of nowhere
It's a good app. Does what it says on the packet.
I like discord new layout mobile, but I don't like new icons and it's kind of slow. Would be better if we had a old layout option. Or, optimize the new layout again. They should've be careful.
I Cant recieve picture messages :( sometimes it freezes up too!  Plz fix it asap!
I use to like this app but it seems like for me if I enter a thread it always crashes my discord and if I open it it crashes again I have to reinstall the app to fix the problem
The app works sometimes but the most annoying thing is it will take a screen shot on its own and freeze up at random as well. Also it won't actually connect a call sometimes it will call on there end and never ring on mine but will show missed call 10 min later.
Great app Great functionalities Is a bit too thorny on backups and data(privacy wise) but that's the whole point if you care about your data.
It isn't working
As time goes the UI gets more and more weird and userunfriendly. The message recording is a complete timewaster
Can't receive messages
Because we are in multiple groups,  sometimes we post to the wrong group. Why can't we delete?
On 70Mbs WiFi, recipient on full bars 4G+ and for weeks, we keep getting "Poor connection" which results in hanging up in frustration because of poor quality audio.
Very cool communication tool
Good enough😊
Ruined the ui of what was once the best social app.
Doesn't work at all, "try again later" is all it says
Two things right away that are immensely frustrating. First, I continue to receive notifications in my text feed from the app even after I turn off all notifications. Sorry not sorry but I couldn't possibly care less about short codes so stop harassing me about them. Second, my sent photos don't show up in my conversations at all. I have no way of knowing that they sent. Small glitches I can work around but I get about 5 messages from the app daily. I paid for this month and then I'm out.
I like this app and have been using it for a couple of years. Now I'm not getting my work assignments (only). I reaved out to the developers. No response. This is affecting my work. I need a solution. But no response from the developers. If you can afford to lose work try this app!
You can't send messages and I need to send my messages multiple times. Now it's asking for my birthday for no reason. I am removing this app.
Well I tried logging in and it said reset password it's bugging and it was fine earlier but now it's bugging so.
Lost many accounts with 2fa lost backups so support cannot help me 2 stars only
Absolutely HATE the new redesign. Nothing is where it should be and it takes me FOREVER to find what I'm looking for. Close to unusable. -100000000/10
Its kinda slow
its free
Addicted
Battery drainer
thank you
this new update made it so ugly and annoying its unbelievable. a tech company should know the importance or UI/UX. i should have to open things to open things to find what im looking for. plus all media is low res, i cant change my profile images without something going wrong or the app crashing, everything is inconvenient, and the random font issues and differences trigger my severe dyslexia. already looking for new places for my friends and i to host our server
Great on PC. A buggy mess on mobile
It works great to get intouch with co workers, and get the same information out to everyone.
I always get random phone calls. And there are adds at the bottom that are annoying and cant getbrid of them
I would give it 5 stars, but cannot find a way to delete old messages.
Every time I'm opening it from the phone, it turns the status to online. Even after I closed the app, it's still saying I'm online, which confuses other people a lot. Even after I'm turning the status back to invisible, it turns to online by itself again, once I opened the app..
I Hate the new UI please go back to the old one
You can send only one picture/video at a time. I find that inconvinient. The fact that users were able to send a bunch of pics at once some rime ago makes things worse.
It won't let me pick speaker
I can't even send an image without the gallery crashing the app, or the image taking so long to upload I give up on it. Chats take forever to load, and the new UI clearly was made to look similar to other apps, whilst not considering if that's what should be done. It's so unintuitive now, cause discord isn't a generic messaging app, and the person who decided to redesign it to look as such should think about why people loved discord. Hint: cause it's not like all the other ones.
Allows my son to get help from his teacher during the pandemic.
I would like the option of deleting chat threads instead of just hiding them from view. I would also like the option in my settings to hide everytime I change my avatar or the group name or whatever without it being broadcast to everyone in the group.
Love the app!!!
Best taking app and i really enjoyed so much to talk rendom peopl
I think the hickers have a better chance to get in to your business
Unusable, servers won't load/are greyed out. New Discord update puts contacts on top, no usernames- No thank you. Access to server list on the side bar is very glitchy- Won't even load the graphics of individual servers. Gifs are merging with shared videos. I can't side scroll to emojis. It is not user friendly. It's a pain navigating, why do you want to re-invent the wheel? it was already fine. Now it's broken.
It works okay for texting. Phone calls not so much. Perhaps it's my wifi connection but it's always cutting in and out. Also it has the tendency to drop calls. I see there is an update. I didn't download it due to someone saying it is full of ads making it basically impossible to use phone calls. I will take their word for it.
Didn't ask for cortana in my contacg list don't want cortana in my contact list can't remove it ..... bad.... MS back at its bad habits again
Instead
Interface complicated and confusing
I got scammed on this app I'll never use it again
Good video and voice Easy to use
Today my account was hacked I hoped u look into it i change my pswd hope u advance ur security measurements in future
This review will go back up to five stars when they get rid of the telephone number, requirement and offer scheduled texting.
Bs app makes u want to buy the next better app
yupp work fine
Its reasonable...
Yes I enjoy using this app it is a wonderful it is the best app on here and I recommended per anybody wants to
Everytime I buy 5 bucks credit i have to wait 12 hours for the amount to be reflected on account. How about Billy stops pretending to be pandemic Oracle of Truth Daddy and starts fixing this outdated junk.
Helpful for when you can't pay your phone bill
Great app , easy to use , when using the text messaging I have never had a problem sending or receiving messages at all, I just seem to have problems all the time when trying to use the phone when I try calling or trying to receive a phone. They never can hear me or I can't hear them . The phone calls are always going in & out
Better than whattsapp
Although discord allows me to talk to friends online and is what i use to talk to them more than any other social media, discord has multiple problems regarding the mobile version. 1: Some channels, when opened will close discord for no reason at all 2: during vc (online calling) sometimes it wont connect to the person you are calling even though the internet is perfectly fine. Discord is meh but it could be good
The newest ui change is probably the worst thing I've ever dealt with.
It's a great app and easy to use but you need to work in some aspects
Once new message has been received, it's will hang, I'm totally collapsed. otherwise it's best for audio and video calling and chatting too.it's most usefull app for working sectors.
never works on any device i own but always wants moneu or a 5 star rating
Great app not to many ads
Its one of the BEST calling apps ever!!
After having used a legacy version of Discord for a while, I accidentally updated the app. And, well, I wish I had saved an APK because that update made the app so much worse for my brick of a phone. Laggier menus, no pop-up when replying and frequent loading errors have undeniably worsened the app. And I am reminded of how weird the new font looks. My experience with Discord on-the-go has been effed up.
why did i get banned form it for loging in?! Edit: sorry
You people flag me because I text GOD'S WORDS to others. So now you don't let me text. It is a fearful things to fall in the HANDS OF YAHWEH...
GroupMe is a good app that allows exchange between platforms. A few quirks, but overall good app. Wish there was a way to delete a message that was sent in error... instead of just hiding it.
sometimes it will hang up randomly. But overall, it's a pretty good little
Some conversations disappeared and my app keeps crashing
Ever since I got a textnow number my phone acted like it was hacked.
I pay a monthly price and I still get ads. The ads make it hard to make and receive calls because they stop both actions. The calls sound bad most of the time and i have A LOT of missed calls. The solution fot the missed calls make no sense because it's just an article.
I'm 14 I pressed on 2004 instead of 2003, how do I write 2003 beacuse when
Awesome thanks
Dropped sms support without telling us when! Have I missed work texts? I tried to authorize a website and the texts never came. Had to use email. Edit: The texts came 15 and 25 minutes later! What is going on!!!
I love the app.,
Very pleased!
Ok. Just funny you spelled "typo" wrong though 🤣
My number wont change and it wont allow me to accept the groupme. I get the invite but can get in. Now that I am in my name appears as my phone number. smh. My notifcations dont work. So I never know whats going on. I have changed the settings and the notification still does not pop up.
Like ,pst free apps it has it's fair share of commercials. But, I am glad i discovered while looking for work. Now all the spam and phishing goes to that number.
Are we moving this app into the arena of piracy tool software? Why would I need the ability to compress and send Dolby Vision videos!?
Excellent, great way to be involved with a community either for gaming online or other interests
I can't make my id+I'm not able to give dob
Is exceptional
I really do love the text free but I can't login with Google on the app with my Android phone so sad about can you please fix that as soon as possible please will be very glad about that thanks
It's good but slow
It's a good app to talk to friends
Good communication tool for a specific group of people.
New layout sucks
It's a good place to chat and exchange pictures
The new version doesn't support multiwindow mode and I have trouble during sending messages.
it always has trouble connecting to the Wi-Fi
it's free and good to use
Okay the app download it finally. But this is one of the most glitches apps. Is all these cartoons and Gifs and stupid ads not related to my liking ads just destroyed the whole app. The calls like when you're in a call and then you try to hang up. It stays connected. Or you trying to dial a call? It's dialing forever before it even connect.
Never used it before though, but i heard a lot about it
Great?
So good so far for having the app.
Pictures are not working!
please bring back the old UI
REVERT THE NEW UPDATE
Can't check my voicemail. And calls keep dropping
Genshin could never
Good app. I'd rather have it just notify me w a message and No name..
Going from 2 stars to 1 star, since it seems yall are enforcing the horrible UI update even though everyone has asked to opt out of it. The reviews on here are telling. Ah well, just adding this app to the list of "apps I'll install previous versions of and then never update again." For real, get it together.
Very silly and disturbing
When I'm using it and I can't get back to the app because ads freeze!!!! Grr
3 stars because it uses Bing to search images/gifs/videos within the app.
The new update is so bad, the search function is extremely tedious
I had to delete my account as I didn't even understand it
alot of scammers use this site . you think scammers can be permanently blocked they know who they are at least give them a warning
Does not disturb mode is completely ignored by calls in this app, annoying No matter what I set in my status, it always goes to online, horrible app Also, every single time I open the app it goes to Online, even though I manually set it to Offline
Customer service agent I always do get the ones that actualy seems like they want it to get the maintenance guy to repairit for me!¡
In Pakistan, if you make partnership with sim networks for cheap packages like whatsapp. I can say that your app growth will boost
Paid for subscription to lock in number. But app made me choose a new number after each attempt to send text. After the 4th new number gave up, uninstall. What a waste of time and money.
Textfree is great for keeping private! You can earn minutes watching short videos or you can pay 4.99 for unlimited, super affordable!!!
Hard to make call and Ring
Cash
Now it's better 👍
When I call someone they can't hear me 👎👎
Sorry to be "that guy" (I know a bunch of people will roll their eyes) but you've been getting loads of ad revenue from the United States Border Patrol, and I frankly don't agree with the ICE ads. I'll be dumping this service for another that doesn't collect revenue from and promotes ICE.
Wasn't the right app for me and now I can't unsubscribe to thier emails
It's cool, phone could be better. Free mins would be the way to go as well;)
No longer useful to me without SMS support. Uninstalled.
Wast of time you have to buy minutes
How do I see if the recipients read my messages because some recipients showed read but others didn't show.. Please help. Thank you.
New update makes discord mobile near unusable.
The new layout is honestly just bad please at least add an option where we can go back to the old one if we don't like this one
Very bad app always glitch don't download this app
Crappy
I don't get it, everything was fine before. Now I have to go to general channel then hit arrow to see who is online. Not hard, but exausting to use bring back the old discoed, unnecessary "improvements"
Good idea. But dont like the fact u choose a massive group u get a text for each person. U should only receive one message notifying u r part of groupme group. Allowing u to send a welcome message.
New UI Design is the worst thing they have ever made
Sucked
Helps me keep in touch & laugh with family, friends, and staff.
Doesn't let me make a call.
if it was free u wouldn't be lieing
First of all the TOS why would it be 13+ I mean it didn't ask my age when signing in
This app is not it anymore, the bugs and lag are just absolutely astounding now, I hate using the mobile app since the change...
It wont let me see my inbox. This is important to me, please reply and help.
Backup does not work for this version, copy of chats from other phone also
I have tap up my account more than 30 days ago they didn't charge my account they said I should have purchased directly from skype or Microsoft. So I requested my refund from Google play they refused to refund it. Now I don't have the money in skype and they don't refund my question is where is my money then!
Dev team took the wrong road by removing sms. They could have warned and provided tips to help people in their security. Instead taking sms away fully is unfortunately making it very difficult to manage multiple apps. Signal will have to be gone for me. I'll be back if they bring back an all in one package.
It won't let me get free minutes and I don't know why can someone tell me why it is doing this I watch the video and downloaded stuff and it still won't give me my minute's
Trash. Completely freezes your phone. Just ads and bs
I have not been receiving direct message notifications even though notification is turned on.
Cannot receive phone calls on this app. Very annoying. It does go to voicemail, but only if I have the app open. Otherwise I miss the call completely.
sexbot spam messages i will be deleting this soon due to this. i escaped kik for that reason now you lost me
The ads need to be smaller icons
I really want to give it a 0 star but i cant. It's been 1 year and skype hasn't fixed the video calling quality. It would randomly end the call, say my wifi or my other friend's wifi is bad but it's full bars. It randomly mutes me too! I don't get why you have to be like this. Please skype change it. It's been prob more than a year!
Very simple to use and it's one of the ceat chatting app I have used.
Am using Skype since 1999 via desktop then Nokia and finally via android I
Good app, but, whenever I or others send images or videos i have to click on it to see it. For videos, i have to download them to view them. I just want to be able to see images or videos without having to download them first
I think people (including me) might not like the new update.Thoughts?
real privacy doesn't exist anymore. The development/responsible persons know exactly what I'm talking about...
Some problems still always exist like being unable to end a call after you initiate it, echoing in some calls, with a perfectly strong signal you still can't make a solid call or even send a text,  watching videos or doing the tasks to get minutes doesn't always load them, if your call is only for 1 second you lose a full minute, the app is sometimes down for no apparent reason; these are the problems that always existed with this app over the years yet to be fixed, but 3/5 b/c it's the best app of its kind
This app is not working in proper way
I know nothing is really perfect, but this application is so cool 😎❤
Computer software Engineer
It gets worse with each update.
Bro Idk why this update It's not too good ngl Whenever I open a dm it takes me 10 messages back that's so annoying
it wont let me redownload to get in other groups
Message notifications come in almost 40 minutes AFTER they were delivered. This app has started a fast downhill on its ability to function, starting with removal of SMS and their "stories" nobody asked for
What is with this verification thing, i can't get to my account cause it. I want to change my email because there was a typo and I doesn't let me . Fix it now!!!
Bad echo. Static dropped calls. Texting is good. Calls are not.
Its useful but not something I'd make my primary use for messages !!! Needs some work !!!
Simply an excellent application but we may need more stickers
Idk if something changed? But I am just innundated with SPAM!! & can't SPAM those text unless I OPEN IT? Why?Now after I gave this # out ALL THIS SPAM CAME!! Why can't I mark as SPAM UNTIL AFTER I OPEN THE TEXT? SO DANGEROUS!! Tho I "love" how I can "Log out of all other devices" INGENIUS! GEEZ GOOGLE NEEDS THAT! But if you're gonna do it, DO IT ALL THE WAY!! NOT 1/2 AZZ. Fixing the SPAM button would raise my opinion, my star!! & MY SECURITY!!
Worst thing I have used in my life hope u die
No matter how hard I've tried it eint give me notifications and nothing is muted.
It's ok for being free
it use to work fine but now its not letting me call anyone no matter how many times i reload it and undownload it and download it again, every time i press the call button it doesn't work, can u fix this please
The worst app ever I'm always being hung up on bcuz the person on the other line cant hear me I only gave it 1 star cuz I cudnt give it none
no good for anything really Just to use as a second phone number for 1 or 2 phone calls a month, maybe. UPDATE TO RESPONSE service stinks cant hear most calls and miss multiple PHONE calls not a good app, UPDATE TO DEVELOPERS just read what I said
Great app overall.
You guys distroyed the new interface. This one particular chang was simply unnecessary. It literally gives 'viber or imo' vibes. On top of that the new update made DC to laggy. Please, cnange the the interface like it was before.
Thank you for sorting the inconsistency of Notifications. However it seems you can no longer unmute from anywhere except the call screen, not even from the Notification Tray. I am on a OnePlus 7Pro
I once loved this app. However, I'm guessing a recent update created a bug in my app. So, it causes the Share function on every other app to crash.
New phone layout awful other than that good messaging app to chat to friends on
Good for voice call
Comparatively good
I can't send text international anymore.. fix it
Works good. I had to be specifically invited because it couldn't find our group...?
It's ok for me because it says you have to buy stuff in order to do stuff and it says that if you want extra time on the call you have to pay for that and then it doesn't really work as calling
Doesn't let me call or receive calls I don't recommend this app
It's never show online why?
Looks better.  But takes too long to refresh.
Works fine, well laid out for mobile. However be weary my fellow foldable phone fans. The app really does not like resizing. On my Fold 5, if I use it on my cover screen and open the phone to th wider display, the aspect ratio will still match the cover displays ratio and will only take up one half of the main screen. A force close and reopen will be required to get the app to change. This also happens inversely. Going from main to cover screen will keep the aspect ratio and make it too wide.
edit : nvm its ok but not as good because i wanna verify my phone on cash app and i cant because its wanting me to buy something
PLAYAH K ON THA TRAZCK THUGZ ENTERTAINMENT
Ive had discord since 2017. In the 6 years Ive had this app nothing has disappointed me like the recent changes. Problems I had aren't fixed. This app a is major part of my life, and Im genuinely afraid for the future of this app and the company. The only thing stopping me from writing more is the character limit. Discord, please keep in mind there are people using your app. Don't make us resort to Skype. App works fine. But I know it could be be better. Don't make unnecessary changes, please.
Best messaging application ever
Simple... that'sall.
Their no FaceTime
Good app. On very large groups sometimes messages don't come in.... Missing out on other members posts. Overall I'm enjoying the app
Don't trip potato chip!! Not sure if it's my tablet or TextNow but sometimes I think my TextNow App is being tampered with. So using TextNow is a coin toss. Service can be great or service can be a two star service. My advise is when you allow TextNow affiliates to manage your service like texting and phone calls, know they might not be as experienced in management as you think. Be careful but not perinoid. Listening to someone else calls isn't violating privacy if given permission to do so.
Really cool app. Though ever since the mobile update, it gave me more bugs and what not and whenever I call with my friends and exit out of the app, it disconnects me and it's really weird
thanks for removing the feature to search through forum posts 👍🏽
It does what I need it to do
I stopped being a Beta Tester, backed up my chats on my phone but have now lost everything. I still have everything on my laptop version but cannot restore anything on my phone. Help!
It works good but need more sound notifications and you need calling
Eh it's okay, way too many ads all the time. My calls sometimes don't work correctly. Late notifications for text messages.
Cut me off from my group chat after being on for only 1 week? No explanation given.
This app is still good and has been good for a long time, but the recent update has given it a bug that causes the app to freeze while still simultaneously running in the background. I always have to close the app and reopen it to unfreeze it and it gets on my nerves
It's a great app. Great and privacy.
I like this app It is free but it has a little problems!
This app is great but somethings need to change. The new theme update is really nice, there's plenty of new themes that you can change from, however what gets me if that its just exclusively for nitro users (I'm one myself) and it bugs me? Like, I don't understand why another thing has to be just for nitro users again why can't it be for everyone, it's like the devs are trying to push people to buy nitro which in my eyes is not a good way to get more subscribers ur just going to loose people.
Braindead devs are removing sms support which is literally their selling point. Good luck lmao
There is a bug where if you mute someone's stream on the PC then go over to mobile and watch the stream you cannot hear the audio or unmute it on mobile.
Do'nt know
Does not work with all phone contacts as advertised, only with contacts who also use Signal. Hope this helps.
I've had to unistall and reinstall about 5 times in the past month bc when my messages don't send for whatever reason, the "Hide Message" option doesn't work. So I have to look at a failed message or messages everytime I'm in that chat. It sucks! Just started happening too. Please fix!!!
It does not work my laptop. It will not let me sign in. My friend told me about discord for games.I unstall it. Because after I sign up I could not sign in.
it is great
Well, I take back the positive 5 star . This app used to let me send photo and video. Not anymore. "Message not sent please try again " is what it indicates when I try to send a pic or video. And no the file is not large so that is not the problem. I've tried everything indicated to try and resolve the issue with no avail. TextNow customer service recommendations did not help at all. Calls and text without sending pics or video does work. That's why now I'm giving a one star rating .
It's good.
Well the app is bugy when i use my Huawei free bads pro and join in call or chanel to discord my bads disable from my phone with no reason .. it started to happen 3 days before .
My 1st time w/Signal. I sent a message easily, But Successfully...??? I am not sure. I did not see a 'Sent' file (like Email) & did not see any 'Confirmation' after hitting winged icon next to the message. And, being pressed for time earlier, I was not about to search 5 or 10 minutes for a 'Sent' file. 3 Stars, giving it the benefit of the doubt.
Worse than previous version. many times I cannot hear or my voice cannot be heard clearly.
Seems good so far... I've never used any kind of messenger before but can this replace your text messenger app? Or can you only talk to people you added on Signal?
9poo⁹⁹999 9th 990
Not sure why but I missed important calls and messages once because I wasn't alerted.
Working well now. Hopefully it stays that way.
Was my default messaging app. But now with the removal of SMS support I have no reason to keep using this. I have one contact who uses Signal, and I'm not keeping it just so I can keep using it for this one person when there are a hundred other apps I could use instead that more people I know use. Devs don't listen to their users.
Give us the option to revert back to the old discord ways, The new update sucks.
Groupme isn't allowing me to update my avatar photo, please fix
My only problem on new discord is when i search something in my server it doesnt show the full chat its getting cut and thats annoying i hope this will get fix asap thanks
even worse... now I cant log in... it just sits there like its waiting for me to hit log in after I put everything in... no loading no wrong username or password nothing... I've given up on this app 100% text now is waaaaaaaay better
Well this app can glitch and lag alot and I cannot seem to hear my texts when they come.
Sometimes video doesn't play it just lags And one more problem is that when I download any video from discord almost all of them except some get downloaded in format which can't be played by android I have to use vlc to play downloaded discord videos just fix it please
Great app, been using it for some time. There's going to be some new changes soon. Signal gonna no longer send messages outside of signal. I understand the point of it. Though when this is your main messenger and it's doesn't send work like so. Kinda useless. Im gonna have to stop using this app. Before this change 4/5. After this change 2/5 since it's pretty useless at that point.
Its should needs more improvement
That's not the signal app I'm looking I'm not looking for signal private
Its not how you start the raise, it how you finish it.. Glory to God..
This app was good but after 2. Days some technical problem came into app so please update your app
My batteries are literally depleting faster than it is being charged. Would be a good app if it wasnt so power consuming on battery life
This app is terrible I can't hardly hear calls I get voicemails I can't hear what is the point if you can't hear any of the calls ridiculous
Looks Better than Wha app
Hello 👋 As a long time user, I love the app and recommend it to all when given the chance. However over the past week, I have noticed a change In receiving my message notification. With my app open or closed, while still signed in. Iam not getting any notice that a message was received. Going to try and install again. Just a heads up that this may be a issue. Happy Holidays.
I want to know how to use the chat for like in muder mystery
I do like it i just got a big phone so i was very happy any way i think its ok
Dropping support for SMS is an own goal that will significantly cut into Signal's user base. I have loved Signal for years and recommended it to many people, but will be using and recommending it a lot less now. Most people care about security but not at the expense of having to use two separate messaging apps. There are significant security costs associated with having SMS on the platform, but appealing to security purists at the cost of usability for most users isn't the wise move.
The new update where you can't slide left to see the people whos active in the server shouldn't have been made. Swiping left to repy to messages isn't helpful or easy to use for regular mobile discord users. Feels too much like this app is trying to replicate the feeling of other social media platforms but you're fixing something that isn't broken. App is good and ive used it since 2018 so ive seen every update
Please fix the calling
Discord undo your new update, it changed my phone to make dms there own section like "notifications" and "you" instead of with the servers and it's activily making me feel sick
i like this app because this app give me good service.
Need a lot of improvement to match the standard of what's app
Very good but it doesn't release many numbers
It's kinda hard to use
Constantly crashes and becomes unresponsive
Works well for our small group!
No longer available for my phone; will not uninstall, update, nor reinstall. Installed on my tablet; corrupted my android.process.acore. Not angry; frustrated. Help me, programmers.
Its downloading is to much late
Calling is broke I can't hang up with my mom (I'm still on the phone!) And the call keeps trying to reconnect and I can't stop it!
me to call other countries' landlines and mobile phones.
It cant let me change my username
As i need to describe . I really appreciate it why? This is security concerns matter . This community build the trust for the user . Yes i can share my private things auch as passport docs over signal . If you love privacy then, this us exactly the app for you
says it works for calls, but really i have never gotten a decent xonnection. otherr party can not hear me talk
Update : The app is a hot mess, id avoid it asap. No SMS support, useless features.
Lousy! Doesn't do internationally and isn't free!!. Avoid
I used to LOVE signal. Put all my messages in one place, encrypted and non-encrypted. But now they have just changed the program and it only allows you to send messages that are encrypted. When I get an unencrypted message now it has to go to My Messenger which totally s u c k s. This update is absolutely retarded and I am going to cancel my subscription to paying you a donation every month for making this stupid update. Program is now virtually worthless!
NEED BETTER SERVICE QUALITY DURING CALLS...NEED BETTER SERVIVE FOR TEXT MESSAGES....APP NEEDS ALOT OF INMPROVEMENT ON SPEED TOO
Why are you sending unwanted apps
Downloaded..paid a year membership for no adds...Adds still there restarted, rebooted, nothing. Can't contact a person ..besides that setback it seems to be doing what it said it did ..I'll have to take more time when I'm it so busy ready the ads...so infomative🙄
on my service signal rather than wifi.
People can't hear me when I call or they call me
It's a good app.
It's a good ànd nice interesting application
Because sometimes it's perfect and then other times it's like s***💯💯💯💯💯👑💯💯💯👌 other than that I use your service a lot thank you to the company and the employees text now !!!!! 💯
I am disappointed with the app right now to be honest, I'm used to the UI but it ruins some stuff like being able to check for messages regardless of channel, instead I now have to individually check channels and then search, and even then it sometimes doesn't work properly.
I'm in the woody area and have poor connection trying to conversate about a job, infant, family and business I'm frustrated and my wife recently passed!🤔 Please help me
I tried logging into one of my accs but it isn't letting me can u fix the bug pls?
Dropping SMS pretty much makes the app pointless. Pretty disappointing. Will be uninstalling in April.
Nice app! Keep connecting with family, friends and working.
This app used to be a really nice UI where i could keep in contact with friends at a moments notice. Now its become clunky and hard to work with. Please revert the change.
Another way to have group discussions separate
I don't have too many problems, but I can't change my text size on mobile. It's really weird now, because it's stuck at a larger size than the original text size. Anyone know how to fix that?
They are ruining the experience with endless pop-up messages. Everytime I open the app I get a pop-up notification about some new feature that nobody is interested in (including the irritating pop-up to leave a review here which developers love to annoy us with). It's an unnecessary hassle to constantly click to close pop-ups when I just want to quickly see the new messages in a channel I have open. Now I'm anxious to open the app and have stopped using it on most days.
The best telecommunications app. Better than WhatsApp messenger especially in terms of privacy and security
As of today I have had many random people message me that don't even know me,  thinking that they are talking to someone else.  So my phone has been making noise none stop.  Really annoyed at this point
The new ui is ugly
At first I really liked this app and the new update on mobile, but there's a lot of bugs now that just make it difficult and annoying to use? For example, when I send a message, half of the time, the message stays in my text box and I have to delete it every single time I send a message. I thought this was a bug fixing update, but I had no major bugs before it updated.
I was very happy and used this as a communication tool with coworkers until this most recent update. Anyone with an Android phone is suffering severe battery loss. No one changed their settings, it was only agreed the update. I will change my reading after fixed.
This app has multiple issues. The biggest is not receiving notifications including phone calls. I have to manually open the app and leave running in the foreground to view any notifications or inbound phone calls. I've tried to clear cache, delete, reinstall, check all options to receive notifications. Not sure what else to do. Please fix
Easiest app to use when you're down on your luck. Call drops are normal if your connection is garbage but other than that...it's acceptable.
clear video and easy to access contacts
I use discord a lot only sometimes it just keeps stuck on loading and i need to restart the app, when i try to open discord it keeps stuck on a channel and that channel somehow lets discord not work, it's getting a bit annoying.
I like the app but learning how to use it.
It would be nice to save the number It's doesn't erase phone number
Calls to app won't ring unless app is open. Subscribed to lock number since 3/22 until 3/23 number lost. Emailed dev with no reply since 6/22. Paid for Sim kit but it won't activate. Tried 2 different compatible phones but sim won't and don't work! Also no response from dev for refund of inconvenience and not working for half a year! 🤔😪
Not bad but since last update there is 1 new message standing over icon and
I cannot begin to tell you how much I love this app. I work for the US from all over the world. It allows me to communicate with any phone number in the US while overseas....for free! And I continue to use it when I'm back in America. I will never EVER uninstall it from my phone. That says it all!!!
Remove one star, and will put it back later because since the new update, there is too much bug :/
Very Nice app . I like this too much
Can SCAMMERS ABD HACKERS ALLOWED TO TAKE ANOTHERS PERSONNEL ACCOUNT ONCE THEY OPEN IT YES OR NO?
Is good all but is like u can talk to strangers is a bad soo is a 3 stars
Would work better if you can actually make a outgoing call other than that texting is pretty great
You give people to option to cheat and be deciving. You ruin relationships. You should be ashamed of yourself. GFURS!
There's no option for a virtual backgrounds. (Android)
Pretty happy with it! Sometimes have dropped calls but other than that it works good!
I can't sign up this app
I can't login because the capcha isn't working. Been using discord for quite some time I assure you I'm human :< Please make it so I can login without trouble again
Great app 😀
Good sound today
This app doesn't work
I have subscription for many years. Unfortunately by Skype side it was canceled. Because my payment did not go through (first time since I have this subscription). And exactly that time it was review of our agreement. So my subscription was automatically canceled. But was nothing wrong with my payment, and I think Skype want to get more money, because I contacted with customer service and they offered to get new subscription. But I need my subscription back.
why sometimes can't open apps
Best among all other apps
Ads pop up while typing in phone numbers. Phone calls are useless sense the other person can't hear you
Decent could do better
Not working at all
Highky roccomended. Indeed will find you a job.
PLEASE STOP MAKING SUCH DRASTIC CHANGES TO THE APP. WHY DO YOU KEEP MAKING BAD CHOICES. This app is so unusable now
Not the best
I love it but my cell is hacked so i cant recieve calls all of them or all of my texts itber then that i love it
Skype is my favourite app.
It was more like a 3.5 rating. It could be more user friendly.
I've been added to a group and I can't see the group
the new update ruined a lot of the app. well as in the most commonly used parts of the app. it has trouble SWIPING for either the servers + dms list or the people in a gc/server. it takes me well over 10+ swipes for it to work, and while doing so it glitches and the background of my profile will appear. they also made it so the list of servers and stuff are default dark mode when you have amoled enabled.
Issue persists with lagging messages and the sent button would not appear Update: Suggestions had been applied using the link provided. Issue still remains
for about 2 weeks or so we are not able to upload image/video on any channel I've updated Discord 2 times, is there still a chance you want to fix this!!!
Good to chat with friends
App is extremely slow to connect and send messages. But it works
This app has helped me, when I've been in a pickle!
Positive in everyday use
To many ads' and freezes up a lot
When someone sends u a pic you can't see it
Im tired of the constant updating
Decent, but you CANNOT receive verification codes on it without paying for it.
Hello brain, I appreciate your work and sympathy to all the people I hope in future that what'spp get banned
Use to love it, but the new update made it annoying
please change the ui back or give an option for that, literally everyone hates the update
Update broke my Discord. My DMs are gone from the top, but there is no message or server navigation buttons at the bottom. Instead I still have the old icons. If I'm DM'd there is no way to get to the messages. What was wrong with the Old layout?
Skype is a useful app, but not very user friendly regarding navigation around it!
a more on the rating great phone app
Too difficult to sign up
I Enjoy this app it still keeps me connected
The ads are a lie and shouldn't pay to get receive verifications for apps
discord is one such The thing was until its new update came, this new update interface is very rotten, we have gone to the option to talk to friends, where we could talk to friends in that option, now we have to go to the notification to talk, this option is a lot of torture. With us I think uninstall the score. But then it's kind of a good thing because I'm a gamer and I like talking to my friends and playing games so I use discord otherwise I wouldn't even use discord this thing is very true
If you been texting a certain number a lot, they will force you to pay subscription to see the messages. You can text other numbers, but you need 9.99 for this one message to open. Very annoying and greedy.
It's been working amazing I didn't tell your guys's latest updates and now I can't answer my calls it always shows somebody calling me when there's nobody calling and it's just been messing up
Can you somehow fix that pics dont want to send!? It's super annoying! Switched from Apple to Android & my Apple didn't do this!
Used to be the best free text app...now forced full screen ads just like the rest . Thumbs down
As an android user, I constantly need to restart the app or messages fail to send. This happens multiple times a day. If not for that, I'd rate this app highly, but it's pretty annoying.
I'm sorry but this new layout really sucks and feels so weird to use and it's so ugly. Is there a way to put it back?
Video can't  send...other than that ...good. still same problem 2 years later
Its come recommended from the right sources. Enough said
gotten pretty buggy on mobile as of late
There's NO CALL LOG, that's actually annoying.
fix auto scrolling in Android 13, it's annoying asf
They locked me out for unknown reasons, basically no email , no warning , glad I never subscribed to this mee and I'm glad I have a true phone number on hand cause this was just awful service
Used to be the useful goto for all texts. Now that they are dropping SMS one had to use 2 different apps.
So slow of loading.
For now I am ok with this app, I have 3 kinks that I can resolve, 1- At times my calls are lost, 2- takes a little while to unlock the passcode, and 3- most voice mails can't be heard.
Overall pretty satisfied. A couple qualms and hopefully constructive criticisms: at times I do not receive sent text messages, namely from numbers/contacts that require me to receive a code via phone so that I can input for verification purposes; ie online banking login. Also, I do not receive sent shared locations from contacts; I can receive shared photos (albeit somewhat blurry) and YouTube links that open as supposed to but when friends send their location I do not receive. Thank you very much and hope you take what I have written into consideration.
It's great to send messages from
As always this app has good functions, but when i leave and reopen discord i cants see the voice channels
Trashhhhhh. Used to be pretty good, at least 4 stars. Now it constantly kicks me out of my most active chat. Change my nickname, refresh, uninstall repeatedly so I can participate in a chat with my friends. I gave up.
Awfully simple interface. Just another WhatsApp but secure! unfortunately I can't use it because of super simplicity!! (Compared to Apps like Telegram)
Why text now is not showing me any mumber....something went wrong in my textnow app
Reliable and great connectivity
Perfect of u dont have a phome nimber or sim card
Too many errors this app sucks
great vanishing features
The ability to retain a User account set up years ago sems to have gone by the board after Microsoft got involved. Cannot get access to this account any more and all of a sudden have a new User ID. Very confusing as friends and acquaintances are calling via old ID and we are not getting calls. Please go back to systems and controls that existed before Microsoft got their hands on things !!!
Great app for keeping in touch with friends👍
GARBAGE CRASHES INSTANTLY IF YOU TRY TO OPEN IT........The new update made AD banners WAY TOO BIG...... it's ridiculous. .. makes me want to give out my actual phone number instead of seeing like 3/4 of my screen cover in one ad
GroupMe used to be my favorite group messaging app but honestly if it wasn't for 1 group chat I'm on I'd get rid of it... the problems I have is it can be terribly slow to update, won't let me send videos longer than 30 seconds, and when a picture or video is sent across the group only about half the time I can actually view it in the groups gallery so often it give me a blank screen and I have to download it to my phones gallery to be able to view.
Cooll
I created an account, got a number and then bought minutes, never received minutes. Also paid for a subscription but the app keeps resetting my number saying that number is inactive. Terrible service.
too complicated and clunky. moving to Duo
There is not log out button
The app was gold in general. Doesnt eat all my RAM. The constant ads are a problem. Whenever I am texting someone, ads pop up and under the text bar.
Really bad sound quality.. lots of echoing and for some reason pressing numbers on the phone never seems to do anything. At least its free 🙂
they cover the page with ads no room to see your stuff.you get 3\4,m inch by 1inch to see thats it. i have an 8binch cell .ads ads ads ads ads ads ads it is terrible shows their greed . app works but what a headache to mess with
I cant make any phone calls wizh u can fix it
first time use
I had to remove it because it more than doubled my phone's energy usage. Instead of my myTouch 4G making it through a day with battery to spare, it lasted just 5 hours. OK if you can stay plugged in. Otherwise, it's unacceptable.
I can't call out from anywhere but home. Which really sucks can't even call from McDonalds where there is absolute wifi, so if you depend on other means of transportation, don't expect to make a wifi call from anywhere but home. You will be stuck. Also, the voicemail service is non-existent. Sure it says I have voicemail, but it doesn't matter because I don't get to hear nor read the transcript of any of them. You're better off not having a recording for callers to leave you a message, you'll nev
It seems to work fine at a glance, but it shows a blank screen upon pressing "chat colours"?, this repeatedly happens & stops me from changing that setting, will update my review when fixed.
The audio quality when sending voice message is bad. Very bad. I was like "Who's that?" "Whose voice is that?"
Im having a problem with it constantly shutting off or messing up no matter my service.
I installed it, signed up for service, then got notified immediately that I violated their terms of service so my account is closed. The whole process probably took less than 2 minutes.
be like a 30 year old with a MySpace and be married to this app forever for
No notification of calls or texts it's have a lot of bugs need to be fixed and you will get random calls if you don't use it in a week think you smarter than me please people read this app before downloading
Back button closes the app. Instead of taking to main window. Edit: for India users, you could raise more funds if you guys can include UPI mode of payment. All the best.
Pls let us hear our alarms while in call
I've been using text now for 6 years now! Love it! , but PLEASE GET RID OF THE ANNOYING ADS !!! frfr
I love discord, all of my friends are on it. The new update is hot trash though.
Veryyy pathetic !!!!!
I do not get notifications when a message arrives
It worked then it won't and it's not just my phone so I mean it's good it won't work for m
Developer does not listen to its users about forced removal of features.
So sometimes I don't get my notifications like I should. Like I won't get any messages.
It's almost perfect second line.. frfr..
The voice message is the reason why I installed the mobile app because this feature is not on the web version or on pc. Unfortunately it doesn't work as expected.
B I T E . M E
works as a messenger. No ability to really organize chats. Overall becomes too disorganized.
When I don't have wifi or internet it doesent let me txt also I tryed free txt and pinger but it doesent let me either pls fix it and I will give a 5 :( sorry
Terrible experience from a newbie. Very non intuitive UI.
They logged me out and I paid for my number 2 times this month. Now i can't get my t number and they're wanting me to purchase another. This is B.S.!!! It was ok for the past year but now I'm getting ripped off
PLEASE fix the audio problem for streaming on android, it worked before the update that changed it to ios but no longer works.
There really needs to be a thread feature. Also when viewed on desktop, new
Great idea, but the app stopped notifying me of new messages. I do not see any notifications in my status bar or even the icon of the app indicating new messages. I checked all the settings and can confirm it is not muted.
Best privacy
I can't see pfps of other people.
screensharing is entirely useless when the stream lags and pops in and out even on the best of connections.
Calls cut in and out regardless of how well it connects.
messages should be able to be deleted, otherwise its good
Very bad so slow
Works well for texting but phone calls not so much. Very spotty and hard for people to hear me. I only use this app for texting.
Don't use this app a lot
New update sucks.
I use this app every single day, and I've had it installed in my phone since forever. IT WILL NOT OPEN NOW. I updated it and it refuses to get past the loading screen!!!!! Completely broken :(
The overhaul of the mobile discord app has been an awful experience. Every bit of that has changed now sucks and it has become more painstaking to navigate.
keeps changing my status. also messages and call shows up late
Nice features, but lacks UI and notification consistency. Chat media store is among the worst, not loading all pictures and videos from a conversation and taking a long time when it does. You also cannot send voice recordings on the PC version. Audio/video quality is OK, but it does not take advantage of fast networks although HD calls have been promoted for a decade. Skype does not allow you to use it in split-screen mode with another app which is a big drawback for me.
only use it if I pay my bill late other wise it's useless. But I gave it a
It's real good, but should be able to edit your text even after it is posted..for spelling errors or other errors or mistakes..Thanks...and if need to be able to delete even the swipes and text messages, even the other person's..
Best update ever please don't let these negative reviews let you down these are just some kids with nothing else to do I love the update and all my friends too just please fix some glitches in it some time app gets slow and unstable and close but overall best update ever
Textnow is pure Excellence 10/10 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 👑🤩😁😃🤯🫡👍🏻 for 10 years + thank you textnow ** (one issue though, my sim card stopped working and can't find anything about that specifically.. ID APPRECIATE FOR YOU GUYS TO SHIP ME OUT A NEW SIM CARD ** IVE ALREADY PAID and don't think I should have to repurchase it.. same address as before I have no doubts I will be back texting now when it arrives thank you. Rod. Don't let me down I have been a long time textnow advocate and promot it all over 💯.
is it better than video chat
I don't like when you direct message someone you can't delete it or remove it.
The best messaging app IMHO. It keeps getting better over time. The only change I wish is to decouple it with my phone number so I don't have to reveal it.
New updates kinda blow
Non stop updates available for the PC version. And now the mobile version pesters you every time it opens with a donation request. Also, there are all kinds of dropped call, not ringing, answered call but still ringing weird stuff happening with signal. If you think signal is private, just remember: Google allows it on the play store. That means it MUST have a back door for them or the feds to access. You're only getting the illusion of privacy. Big tech always has their probes up ur @$$.
The new ui is so annoying and so unfamiliar,please discord fix this to the old one if you want to make your app better
Generally I love signal. One big issue - Disappointed that it has trouble receiving/downloading messages from iPhones in group texts. They often just show up as errors and can't be downloaded. Not recommended for people that do a lot of group texting with iPhones.
This app is so dumb now. It used to be simple and easy to use and now it's barely useable
New changes to navigation and search are awful. Nobody asked for this.
Facing some login issue i am in uk so i cant able to talk in U.S numbers
Great Resourceful App👍👍
After the latest update I can no longer receive notifications. Can you assist?
Text messages coming in are disappearing and I can't read them.
I have been using TextNow since it came around on the house PC. I loved it then and I still love it now. There are some things I would change but overall I love it..
This app has not been working properly since I updated it two days ago. Update 07-16-2023 the app needs to be fixed. I use discord for PPN talk time. It is hard to get into talk time cause the push to talk button doesn't work. 01-20-2024 Your app has improved tremendously ! Thanks for taking care of the problems I had text you about. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
I want to smash
Saves me the bill money
I like the ease of use. Also I and able to add a comment to a picture before I post. And I am able to edit my posts. Pm
Cant view some livestream
Get rid of the stupid two step verification bs and this app will be perfect
Doesn't transfer to new devices and unable to view messages in old device 🙄
I watch an ad and get no credit, I send a text it sends from random deactivated numbers and don't go through. Really?
Non intuitive interface. Desktop and Mobile version not always sync : ringing calls or new messages. Sometimes I'm not getting notifications of new messages at all in recent conversations if I lock the phone or switch to other app or just close Skype.
They make you pay. Greedy company deserves to fail
I would make it 5 stars but you cannot receive verification codes without buying the unlimited option and sometimes for no reason you can get banned for like 24 hours because it says you "violated the terms of use" the calling quality is bad sometimes you cannot hear what the other person is saying and if you try to send a video it can't be too long fsr and that's really stupid.
Had this for about 5 months now and I opted in for the sim card. I even paid to have fast internet and was still good. So I was reduced to 2G which was fine as long I can still use my phone for work. So while using my phone saw a message but didn't get a chance to fully read it cause my phone stopped working all together. Wasn't until I connected to wifi and saw that I was suspended for using too much data Like what? No where did I read I'll be suspended for too much data not happy about this.
Not at all what i expected. Which was more like a Telegram or even Whatsapp alternative. What i see in Signal is merely a crude barbones messaging app for sending only text messages. No file sharing capabilities to speak of whatsoever which is precisely why i use and need Telegram. May very well be solid for sms and text but i already have a stock texting app which works perfectly fine. May keep it for end to end encrypted texting but that's it. Certainly not a telegram replacement.
new update sucks
Is cool ig
It's an OK app. Gets annoying when it keeps changing your number.
Great chatting with everyone
Awful ! It is not delivering me chat messages and if it does it delivers them 12 hours late !!!
Font size is either too small or too big. Impossible to adjust it properly.
Ads are annoying, texting doesn't send onetime even if i have a stable connection
My text aren't sending the the receiving end since a few days ago. I don't know what to do.
I've had issues with this app for 2 years. Don't know why. Pixel 5 never works. Messages don't send but I can recieve them fine
I don't like it because the calling isn't free anymore and it still says it's free.
I have loved this app until recent updates. The new widget is awful. It's larger in size and it does not always show my groups...just an empty box. Additionally, I started a new group today and was seeing everyone's messages TWICE.  Please fix these crazy things that weren't broken until the last couple of updates!
Works great besides the user interface being a bit wonky
Because they said on the theme that it has like, delete it all myself and have to delete it and download it back. So that's why I do not like it, and they really need to fix it. And I like multiple numbers and lake locked in number and for them. And I hate when it does that, because it's like so stupid, like, why did they even make that up like I just saved a moth, cool, do that. But yeah, that's how I feel about it.should be more like objects on instead of a house, that's just how I feel how is
they need to revamp the app for phone to phone optimization thats the reason some calls go silent where the other person can't hear you its the only problem I have to be honest my calls will just go dead you have to mute and unmute yourself to fix it if you didn't know
Fine until you stop me from getting verification code and thereby stopping me paying you brilliant greedy people could give a grace period
The app is great and all, but the option to record voice messages won't actually send said messages. I've tried everything, so I'm pretty sure it's the app itself. All in all, it's a great app and I use it all the time.
Need to stop freezing up
Unable to login on Moto Z Force DROID after last update
Threads are broken. Every time you go to view a thread, the app crashes. The quality of Discord has been on a downward spiral as of late, it used to never crash this much. Starting to consider other platforms at this rate.
love this ap its very convienent to have
It's hard to do the log in part, so I deleted it. I'm going to find a different one instead. It's better to get the app messeges.
Perfect messenger app for me Edit: Changes to prevent sms messages is a huge mistake and will make me stop using signal. A handful of friends and family use it, but absolutely will not if it requires a second messaging app. In an effort to make people adopt signal they are driving away any reasonable person who want privacy without the massive inconvenience of remembering who is on signal and who isn't and mesaaging everyone on the correct app.
Newest mobile update completely overhauled the app layout, and navigation has become very difficult. On top of that, every time I open the app, the screen is black for a full minute, with nothing loading in for the entirety of that minute. Many people in multiple servers I'm in also share the same dissatisfaction and irritation I do. For all intents and purposes, this update was a step backwards, and a very bad one. Please revert these changes, or at least change them to make navigation easier.
Nowadays signal is hang phone Whenever send more than one photo or videos, mobile start working slowly and then hang up This time screen become blank. Please check and update this problem
Excellent. Dookie on competitors.
Day after day it becomes worse.
Can you redesign the app to make Make it more mobile friendly.. happy new year 🎉 ✨️ 💛 🤗 💖 ☺️ 🎉.
Hi I love the app but the backups are deal breaker we all want cloud base backups like telegram etc etc
So far it's ok, but posting videos as stories isn't cool because the video posted is in slow motion compared to the actual video
It is a decent app but I do not always receive notification when there are new messages to read and that is annoying.
New UI is absolutely awful. Features missing from the old version, input is laggy, and nothing is intuitive.
Why is it so difficult to find pricing. I need to make a one time phone call to the UK. Every Google search sends me to their bs monthly subscription. Awful service. Unfriendly UI. attached now to the awful Microsoft account. I think I will just use something else.
Give us username No phone number necessary Then it's 5 Stars ... removed sms support . Back to 1 star .
Phone does not ring with th new version
Not a fan of the new username system. I'm fact, a lot of people aren't.
A hassle to get more free minutes..
It wouldn't let my area code work
The app works as it should and keeps my information safe
What a nonsense app 🙄 I wamt to login my textfree number on my whatapp. But I can't get a call anymore. And is my business number please fix this issue asap
My incoming are being rejected, the caller is being told that the number is not assigned . HELP!!!!
The number pad just emits a long, unending tone if I have to press anything during a call. Only way to get rid of it is to hang up Edit: app is updated and permissions are on, your suggestion had nothing to do with the issue.
very very safe & secure
It works for what you need.it for. Nothing fancy. Just basic.and Sufi only. Wish it was a little more reliable and much faster to refresh.
This was a life changing app for me....( From my personal coincidences....also loved the next level features
Great app, highly recommend...
I need info on how to delete payment methods. Theres cards on there that dont need to be. How can I do that help plz thanks
I have problem on how to login always network error Is no more easier like before the signup is more difficult now and always network error
Quick way to stay updated with group.
Good for two way or multi user streamlined, encrypted start to end user message transfer. App is tailorable for appropriate options and provides media file transfer that cleans the meta datat from those files - great options. I could go on... there is always room for improvement and season after season these guys continue to raise the bar. Greatly appreciate- keep you options small (simple),succinct, and available across multiple platforms to bridge that gap & I see nothing but further success.
App not properly developed it crack
It said it is free but no its not free you have to pay for it 👿
I updated my review from 5 stars to 1 because they blocked an authentication code from THE IRS stating they did so to prevent "abuse of their service" but if i pay them i can retrieve my code, i gues then it would be fine to abuse their service I NEED THAT CODE TO DO MY TAXES .
I do love texting and sometimes a small call to people in my phone with Text Free. I did receive a message that I didn't get a message because of the authentication and I would need to UPGRADE my account for this to stop.
Freezes almost weekly and the only way to make it work again is to delete the app then download it again.
Discord is great for calls, the quality is top and the features are all great. whoever lately i have some issues with the bots that play music. the option to adjust the volume doesn't show up in their profiles no matter what i do and i think its a glitch of some short :((
Can't get it to work properly. No support available...
It's very useful
Adds in a texting app!?!?!?!!?!? Who even heard of such a thing! way too
I'm having trouble opening this app its taking way to long.
I can't send or receive pics which used to work and now doesn't. Think u need to fix that. And where the hell is the calling? It says text and call nd there isn't calling. So either add that or take it off ur title and info.
I cant seem to stream for my friends, they kept saying it either blank or frozen everytime they enter to watch me but the audio kept on playing, i even clear cache , uninstall and install, and even my friends did the same thing. When they stream and I watch, same thing happened as well. :/
I have a TextNow SIM card. I was Unable to decline phone calls when wifi was off, and the app was frozen after I clicked on decline. I figured out it was to do with voicemail.
It does it's job most of the time but I occasionally lose all groups and have to wait for them to return on their own. Quitting and restarting the app does not fix. —Droid Mini—
The Android version of this app is awful. Group names, avatars, and members don't update. Sometimes it chooses not to send notifications when you get new messages. If I didn't need it for my sorority I would uninstall immediately.
It's great and I will consider donating.
good okay sometimes
So frustrated. I keep experiencing a new kind of pain with this app on a regular basis since the last major update. DMs not displaying the last unread DM automatically. Having to scroll up before you can scroll down and view the new DM and the latest one today is when reinstalling Discord for the millionth time, now only dark mode is displayed even if you choose other modes. There is no save button and using the arrow to exit out does not save changes. I am so frustrated with this latest version
Hi, I read all the reviews about this app and downloaded and to make selected, permanent I paid subscription of 4.99$ but in order to make calls, it is asking to to buy minutes, how come this app become free if its use is charging you some money. Nobody download app for keeping it, they want to use it. Please I would like refund. Please do it ASAP.
My discord doesn't have a sound while streaming please fix it
When times are hard you can count on this app
Would be 5 stars but please fix when you're sending something it randomly disappears
It's a really good app but it has one drawback for me, sometimes when I tap on the image icon to send an image it crashes the app, this is still continuing almost a year later
Don't recommend this app when I text someone and they respond it doesn't pop up it shows that they texted at the top of the screen but when I click on it textnow says they didn't send anything I know that it is not my wifi because it works perfectly fine on the other apps and I updated it and it still doesn't work and most of the time when I call someone they can't hear me or I can't hear them
Love this texting now
Randomly freezes and it ain't cuz of my phone cuz it's brand new
This app has been very help helpful when u have no money to add minutes and when I have appoitments I need a telephone number. Thank yall so much.
IS THERE ANY WAY THE CODE CAN BE SENT BY EMAIL? PPLZ REPLY
The app frequently bugs, tap on looking all the servers and it just pop up icons at the bottom without opening the server list. Exiting and restarting the app keep getting the same result most of the time. Please fix it.
Skype used to work for me. I wish they would make bing disappear. I used to love Skype but now I don't.
The "updated mobile app" experience sucks.
It sends duplicate texts
Although there is free messaging and voice calls . The voice calls are choppy hard to have a convo . Too many adds its makes the app super slow. When i lost my phone and tryed to to log onto my old account it wouldn't accept that I was on a new device. Update 03/14/20 I finally logged into my old account.
Thus app used to be good but I cannot get back in to the app. I will be deleting it bc of this.
It how its ups and down when its comprehens its amazing, but lagging it will give you quite a bit of difficulties
This is one of the best app ever but you need to learn how to use it i give this app 6 stars not even 5 stars i so much like the app keep it up
#1 discord is simply the best. #2 the new app as of Dec 2023 for Android and IOS is simply horrible. It shouldn't have changed. If it ain't broke don't fix it.
Such an amazing experience with this app.
App worked great at first, then I started getting pop-ups, the person on the other end couldn't hear me but I can hear them. I have to close everything and call back just for it to happen again.
Its not working correctly anymore
Tried all the steps to sort but still no sound on any videos I receive
App has become increasingly more buggy. My audio has suddenly changed to me sounding like I'm in a tunnel with bad connection when It used to work fine. When I check chat messages, the voice chat window takes forever to get back into, I have to click it multiple times before it responds. When trying to click on people's icons in voice chat to change their volume, it takes multiple times to click it and when trying to use the slider for volume it is broken.
Keeps on saying not responding and won't let me open my text
new ui is really sucks,there's not a single good thing about it.
Horrible UX/UI and so many useless features (Many that is personal but I don't mind most other popular chat apps)
this is so good with makeing freinds but i use it for roblox games
Good for text, but i wish they wouldn't constantly threaten to take your number away if you dont use it often.
I put 2 stars because it's a good app but if your phone is broken then you must use Wi-Fi to make it work right thats only 1 star the second star is for good calls but the 3 stars that are not used are because if your a person who know how to text fast and you know how to text without looking this isn't a app for you because i text fast and when you text to fast the app glitches out add you must resend message so good but bad app
Still only scammers on hear too they just come from Instagram
Smooth app. Sometime hangs while screensharing
The phone got cut off while talking and my auto pay didn't work, a page came on saying agree to monthly pay .what is going on with skype ?
work with Bluetooth headphones
Never got to use it but i hread good things about it
It wont let me hang up phone calls.If the other party answers & ends the phone call it's fine.But if I get someone's voicemail or there's no answer when I call I have to restart my phone to end the call.It wont let me pull up the key pad while in call so I can't navigate automated cust.service systems.It also wont load my messages anymore.I have to go to search &I put a "1" & click on the results 1 by 1 to see my messages.I only put up with this bc I've had this same # for years
99.9℅ trusted app
Needs more unpaid features
When I get a message I don't get notified for some reason. nothing lights or anything
for some reason it's says that we can't make you an account
The new UI is bad. Actually, I just reinstalled it from Play Store and I got the old UI back, it's way more responsive and easier to use. But still the new UI was horrible, it was difficult to navigate and super slow especially on old phones, you gotta wait few seconds after clicking a button. It was really bad.
You managed to destroy a once useful app. You deserve the worst uncurable illness an angry god can give, your family and kids too
Uninstalled this trash, since they decided to lock certain messages behind a pay wall. If I wanted to pay, I'd just get another cell phone for the exact same price as your "subscription". As usual, you genuises have let your greed completely blind you to the ENTIRE reason this app even exists, and now you're going to lose business for it. Onto the next one.
New update is so baddd
Good volume. Good picture. No disturbances to speach or picture. No bad connections.
stupidly placed ads, it will interrupt your texting. the app loves to hog memory and will slow down your device considerably, ontop of the fact that your number will get random calls ontop from bots that phish for your information.
It worked fine until I stared getting a message that my version was old and was automatically logged out so I couldn't use it. Unbelievably rude! I didn't have room on my phone to update, so I just uninstalled it. What a scam.
Worst app for paid calls in uae to india😡😡 I lost my money
Good features and good security are always a great mix. If the conferencing / call / video UI wasn't so imponderable, it would be 5 stars. UPDATE: nice improvement in the app in the last few releases. ☺️. Unfortunately donation badges do not appear and customer support doesn't seem able to fix it.
Given this update a fair chance, still hate it. Change it back to the way it worked before
Newest update, once again, is terrible. The layout is clunky and you have to interact with the app far more than before to navigate around. It's no longer an easy transition to check DMs really quickly. Visual & movement fatigue is really setting in with this latest version and I find myself less inclined to use the app. Search feature just does not work well, usually produces no results. When results are produced in DM searches all results come as the DM partner regardless of who wrote it.
You people show make me install this app
Cant even reply to a group to which I have been added. Doesnt work
All sounds good but video downloading in mobile is difficult we don't know whether it's downloading or not and it's pity there is no download to download we have to click save. And when it's Going to download or stop, how much downloaded the recorded call we don't know when it's stopped we don't know. I hope it should be fixed as soon as possible
Great to have wjem in a pinch. If you can get it to work?
I get twenty or more calls a day from solicitors and my texts dont ring in or give me a banner.
Good app, calling could be better, and username system too. Say, pick your name, then have a # four digit discrimator. 5 stars if Discriminators were used
Consistently drops calls. I've updated the app and it didn't change
Need to be able to delete more than one video/picture at a time.
Better ,, but not the best ,, in the app there is a option to record,, so that it is helpful ... I like this app ,,
Unfortunately I have had problems with this app. It seems that any time I have down loaded text now my phone gets a virus. Nor talking a runny nose, or tickle in your throat I'm talking Coronavirus. Once I download it my phone is garbage. I delete it back to normal please TextNow can you fix this otherwise it's great I love it and I thank you very much.
This app will just shut off
Trash say somethings free then when I send a verification code that I need I got to sign up so def will b Uninstaller this
Y'all Keep deleting my accounts for no reason
I will happily change my rating to a 5 star, if text now stops logging me out. My passwords never work... And then I uninstall, then install again Make a new email then boom, it happens again. Also, waited on the phone with my bank a half hour and when i hear' "how can I help you' THEN hello hello anyone there, so frustrating and my phone says it up to date. Also my contacts don't have names, only the number appears. Will not add a contact! In saying all that I really enjoy this app. Otherwise
Lllrinf bc c the ur be is my re if need ki he IV it the try ND y rgds c it it red n Kev in my r byz i re me ND lor me
Removed support for regular messaging not everyone uses signal. Going to a messaging app that supports both.
What should I say...we use this messenger for it's privacy, not because it has grwat features. It does what it needs to do, that's it.
I loved the app and was a major user of it for quite some time! That is until they dropped support for SMS and MMS. I used Signal for my main messening client, so for the users that also have it, my messages would be encrypted, but then the others obviously wouldn't. Now, thanks to their decision, none of them are because I had to drop the app! I'm not going to shove Signal down the throats of all my friends just to use Signal. Now it's useless trash.
Really love signal! Open spurce, secire simple communication platform!
Its very slow
Constantly freezes!
So far all I've had on here is coming from other sites and these people tht owns signal is allowing scammers and fake profiles over here on there app because thts all I've got here so tht should tell you why they pick this or watts app but tht cool let them have a screwed up platform and I'm giving no stars
No calling 👎👎
Textnow is a very good app that I would recommend to anyone needing a free local phone number, however recently I've only been receiving texts and calls but when I send a text *even with 5 bars of wifi* it doesn't notify me that it hasn't been delivered but nobody ever received any of my messages. This happens east 3 times a day and the only thing that's seems to fix it is logging out,however that deletes recent messages and sometimes even that doesn't work. I've done everything I could pls help
The UI update has really ruined the experience. Switching to dms, member page, settings is slower and inconvenient. The chat search is also worse now. Why can't I search the entire server like on desktop anymore?
Safe and secure app
Is a great app I really love it
I love discord back then it it just frustrating Everyting you are been ask if you are a human [I know it to protect us from bot] but that is not the only problem when they ask you to verify the website takes too long to show and when it show it say token has expired and even when you log in again you have to do this process over again. Please tey fixing this Website bug and Can u just ask ones not every Login Thank u
So i was logging and I put on my email and said those wrong email it was and then I want to try again and every time I tried it kept doing that
Use Skype once a long time ago
Its alright for now. I like that I can send video messages
Is very good and okay
this new update sucks😭😭😭🙏🙏 i have to delete and re download discord to leave calls
Wayyyy to many ad's but its free so I guess
I ordered the sim card and now have free talk+text over a data network. Overall, it works fine.
I love the app but please dont dan the discussion of fire arms, it will mess up so many things for people on discord. Please listen to the people who use your app and don't do this
App crashes every time I open forum. There is no way to make the app work unless I clear all data and log back in. Edit1: There are no issues with the login. However, the issue with opening a forum channel in any server still persists, even after restarting device. Edit2: Uninstalling the app worked, but when I attempt to access a forum channel, the app crashes again.
I think this is very helpful feel ppl who can't but data and stuff
Bad connection, you run out of minutes after two calls and then must buy more. Two thumbs down!
I love it only wishing we didn't need wifi just for it to work and was a Sims card fully loaded with all the exact same features and free service
Can't make calls take days to load can't use unless I'm at home
The bad-Choppy, dropped calls, too often. The good-free unlimited texting. This needs lots of improvements.
App is trash they got money hungry like everyone else so dont waste your time look for another app
The newest update made everything ugly and it doesn't even work right, half the time when I open a conversation now I have to manually scroll down to see the newest messages from like 10 messages up, theres also little to no flexibility in the layout, I had my servers arranged in a certain way and it let me see everything from dms, now I have to go over a damn tab to even see my servers, and now you have to tap the name and pull up a whole other thing to see the member list instead of swiping
Keeps me in the know what my group is doing.
We are experience lag and log in issues.
it didn't work and when you get in ya gotta pay
Well the app is what I use daily, and I'm okay with most of it. Glitches are actually funny, we usually call it curses lol. Btw this is a suggestion that would really be helpful to everyone using groupme: please make the head-ons available! I would really appreciate not having to jump over and over from groupme to another app and back.
I deleted it once and now that I'm trying to log in it will not let me it keeps on say invalid
Please bring back the old ui, at least bring back the button in changing the new one to old. The new one is a downgrade cause instead of easier navigation, it takes more time. Landscaping screen when phone is tilted was the worst. Listen to your users discord.
Update to overhaul is a prefect example of trying to fix something that isn't broken in the first place. After all this time, I still can't get used to the layout and it doesn't feel natural. The app stutters when shifting between tabs, and there are glitches that freeze the app until you force restart.
can u remove my skype name bcoz somebody using this.thanks
New mobile UI is extremely awkward.
It has been pretty good
Drop call everytime POS I hate it
The app lags like crazy and I'm on a note 10 plus..... Makes so sense.
Messages won't load
I hate to give this app a bad review but people need to know that its usefulness will be coming to an end. No more SMS support.
I don't like how now u have to pay just to change ur profile picture...I really would've perfered it to be free which is why I may stop using discord
I don't know how to activate translator in to Skype
"Cannot sign in. Unable to sign in, please check your internet for connectivity." Other apps are working though
Please bring back the previous version, this new update is very buggy and navigating between channels, servers, and DMs is complicated now.
It's alright, It does what it's supposed to & it works fine.
Used to be great, now notifications don't work
Great way to communicate.
Best of the best
App takes forever to load up and will sometimes cuts off right as app opens and drops calls even if im next to internet box
It is my love skype
Locks verification codes behind a paywall. Useless.
Not that bad of an app other than it glitches a bit but I have a okay experience with the app.
I like it that's all that I really have to say about it.
I sometimes receive messages late but it works.
The app does its job most of the time. Don't attempt to change your name after you get your name. If the name is already taken it will still count as one of your name changes for the day.
please change back to the original format. this new one feels awful and changing so much of what made the layout good is not great. I, for one, liked having dms up at the top and this more round feel makes it 10X harder to navigate. or at least give everyone the option to put it back the original layout. my previous review would probably be a five but now that this change is in place, I can't really rate it anything higher than a 2.
I really enjoy groupme...I do wish we could delete things though. If I could delete things, it would get 5 stars.
It's OK nothing overwhelming special
New UI is terrible, no need to say more
This is my second time reinstalling this app within a couple months. When it works, it's great, but some bug causes it to periodically choke the scroll and erase most of the channels I'm in.
They asked me to rate it
another site (it was there before the update)
Great app for messaging, voice calls, or video calls. Best part it is secure messaging.
My texts from one of my friends never come in and she never receives mine! So tired of this Its be five stars if this wasn't happening! Please help me!
Please 🙏 anyone who know about this app i need help to using it.Thanks to person who own this app.Forgive me if I messed up or never do it right.
This company is truly private
I'm going to try it maybe tomorrow or the next day 🤔
Was working..but update appears to have made it unstable and it crashes whilst trying to open
Just awful, first the PC app becomes an error than I'd download load the mobile one and that doesn't even work Ill join a call and be their for a good hour or two and discord just cuts my microphone. Not really worth my money.
Alright. The UI isn't as bad as they say it is, just takes some time to get used to. But the glitches are bad. Sometimes the app crashes, and sometimes the server name on the banner (Used to access server settings) glitches out and stops working, just too many errors.
You dont even need mins for THAT
If i remove message from skype apps cellular, will it still appear on desktop to my friends?
My only issue with this app is that sometimes I will not get a notification telling me I received a message and therefore I have to physically log into the app to view said message (a problem when you answer hours later because of this)
Sometimes the voice is not in Tune with the face on video call and picture was very foggy... Is that common in that app?
Getting a mic or to even hear ur friends on this app is horrible they need to fix it.
Ok app. A search feature would be helpful
It's not opening in Pakistan specialy in Infinix device
Would u please add Morocco to your list? Thanks
*****Worse now.. calls go direct to vm ?? Never rings.. and God Firbid you can read them.. as a texting service they are a ten as a phone service they are a one at best.. most calls never go through.. when u r called u r unable to hear caller.. i am a t mobile user.. ????
It gives you minutes but it doesn't work most of the time when making phone calls.
Scam app, please do not use
Nice app the way the interior is created it make it easy to use
It's a nice app
Horrible!!!! I was blocked. Nobody to talk to, no way to get my money back!!!! I tried everything that was advised, nothing worked....
Installs spyware into your phone with no permission. The weather home app has been installed on my phone countless times. I have reported the app to the playstore and will report this app
The same as all Google apps - it keeps forcing you to 'update' , until 'your device is unable to update'. Thus forcing people to waste the world's resources, and money buying a new and unnecessary product. The app worked without updating. The 'new update' is therefore only beneficial to Google. ( Edit - The most recent update is requesting a 'donation' so we can receive A Badge!!! )
This app have to many adds all in My text messages and it doesn't do anything u want it to perform I can't keep up with internet service and wifi 😤 😑 😒 I only have service in my room this sucks
Best alternative to whataap!!!
My coworkers suck but the app is pretty good
WELL WHEN YOU GOOGLE FREE APPS THIS ONE COMES UP YOU GO TO SIGN ON AND IT CHARGES YOU $9.99 A MONTH THAT IS NOT FREE
Calls getting dropped. All texts not going through
Always  crashs
Inaudible occationaly
Group me, I would give it 5 starts if I had the option to delete the group. That would be a good idea. I don't want to keep something for that long, remember what I wrote or take up space. If you can hide it.... you should be able to delete it. With that being said... group me is a easy app to work with. Group me is convenient and you  can not beat a free app... like this. You can not beat mobile connection and even if the person do not have fb or v.s. Or even it stays for a few months and go way that's OK.
the past few months been horrible my mom and my brother out west been having problems with it since last year and now me
Not good won't download
Great on all my devices
Just secure, but not efficient and with very minimum & less features. Very DISAPPOINTING
I can't receive all of my text unless I am using the app or it is running please try to fix
The notification function is very bad
RE-Review 3/26/2022 DOESNT WORK AT ALL SINCE I STOPPED PAYING I USED TO PAY 5.99 THEY WENT TO 9.99 A LOT FOR WHAT YOU RECEIVE UNINSTALLING .. OLDER REVIEW👇😁 This is a great app except that for CALLS ARE USELESS calls are either you dont listen the other or they dont listen to you or breaks or static etc.. so 3stars to calls hopefully text free staff do something about it. I HAVE A REALLY GOOD INTERNET AND WIFI BTW
Lovely chat, always reliable in my experience. My default online gaming chat 😄😄
Way better then whatsapp
5 stars I love taking to my friends on it sometimes it glitches but I don't mind but Im giving it 4 stara because recently I lost my account because apparently I'm too young for it when I'm old enough and I tried getting it back and my id card didn't work when I sent it 🥲
I feel as though it's a decent app when used correctly in a small scale aspect. We use it for management communication at my work and it has it's benefits.
Keeps crashing on Galaxy Nexus.
I'm not able to dilever the msgs what to do noww
Ummm so this is really good app but it kicked me out for no reason at all so I have to re download it
Great app! video and audio quality can be improved, but wifi quality probably contributes to that. So far, this app has only had a 3-4 second delay. Others are much worse. I really like the fact that I can use Skype on any device without paying for a phone line. Not sure why, my recently updated version does not have an audio only function. I can't send audio messages. No microphone button included. But overall a very good app.
Good value for the money I pay. Unfortunately, most people I call in the USA complain that my conversation is robotic and broken up. It improves when not using the speaker but then it is not that convenient when other people need to listen. Not the case when I call other countries.
This app takes my contacts off just shows they number ugh
Used to be great. Ever since they pushed through some updates this year (Q1 2023) it's been super glitchy and hard to use. Pinned chats don't stay pinned. Group icons blink on and off. @ function doesn't work. Group settings impossible to find. Search function might as well not exist it's so subpar. Reply function doesn't always work. And yes I uninstalled and reinstalled before writing this review. Hope they fix it.
Very good to talk to friends
Can't use phone function even though I have credit. The app just freezes everytime I try to jet the phone number. Extremely frustrated and annoyed.
terrible update, listenen to your users and change it.
Very helpful for my classes. 5/5 would recommend
its good
This a shity app
Bug application All missed call are missed video call in history call
Solid app, I have no complaints so far.
I uninstaled the app for a week then got back on you see I forgot my password and I never got the email that told me the password so I cannot get back on to my a count ever.😢
Need a new number just to use! :((
Calling could use a little work. It ALWAYS some how drops the call
I honestly dont have a problem with the actual UI itself, but the bugs are constant. It'll get stuck on the DMs tab and I'll have to close and reopen the app to switch back to see servers, and now none of the images are loading even on strong wifi.
Err in TextNow
Constantly getting delayed in notification.
Takes forever to post videos after the update. Other than that it's great. Greek life, business partners etc., it's easier through GN however I still use scheduled group messages through Go Sms as a back up. Also there is no way to remove individual chats other than to mute them...that's worrisome. Fix these and you'll get 5 stars. Hm k?
Slow down phone. Hard to answer and hang up
Why can't I sign up for Text Free after I enter my desired area code it does not move to the next step. I tried several area code still no advancement pls sort this out for me to use your app.
This app is nice and good to chat with friends
I've Ben putting my password down and it still won't let me in. This app really sucks 😠
Discord moderators doesn't even take action, I've reported several people who go around DDosing and hacking other people's account which is literally illegal. And yet, the discord staffs don't take action, disappointed.
Dropping SMS support has basically caused all my friends I've convinced over the years to Signal go REE on me today. I'm getting rid of this app, and I will never recommend it to anyone. Signal had it's niche, that is going to be invalidated soon. Oh well. Free market, I guess?
I'm new to this
Can't get the rewards wheel to spin-no way to try to win money. Contacted reps but no one could or would help. Email ignored.
Everything works smoothly and I'm happy that they aren't mining my data.
More times than not, my messages are not delivered for several minutes..... 15 minutes to an hour or more!
I'd tell that the quality of the video call is nitbat all appreciated because as soon as i call anyone i get lots of problem in hearing and the video always gets freezed . So i request to make the changes and also I want to tell the this dosent have any data saver
Does the job.
You can get but call quality is so bad.
voice and video could have been better!
I hate this app I hope it dies
If you have good internet wifi then this app works just fine most the time. I'm new to this app and will update my review every 3 months
Sometimes it rerouted me to think that I am not a good fit
Thank you Lord
Version 8 is a step in the wrong direction. There are lots of icons with unclear meaning, making it difficult to use. Video does not work, which forced me to go back to a different device that had version 7. Finally, there seems to be no way to report technical problems with a specific call.
Great App!! Easy to use!!
It is bad
It's great I coach youth sports
K hi un huh it's if IAA ,√®for!
Uhm discord why do I need to Register my email to go to servers
The app crashes in the mid of viewing recorded video. Sometimes I can't fast forward and have to restart the app over again. This is so annoying.
Brilliant you can chat with your friends easily but you can't send big files sadly and the bots are amazing
Terrible. App won't open and doesn't update. I can't send messages half the time and can't get it to open the other half. Totally disappointed, this use to be a great app.
This is my number one top of the list text now free call hiding app to get away with being grimy I have four accounts on this one and I open more accounts each time I go on it but I need to stop using my girlfriend's name in my last four of my social as my password but maybe she wouldn't see these kind of things boy I'm going to miss her when she's gone she was the one that got away I didn't deserve her because I'm such a pig I deserve and no teeth crack w****
Great. Thank you guys.
Vaer good and i ready for a good time
Its very good
I love this it can call and texs
I cant get any calls, and I cat play any voice mails. I have to go through twice a day and refresh everyones messages to make sure I didn't miss anything important.
As a discord user for 2 years till now, loving the updates that keeps on coming. Although, there are some issues which is about the server channels. I often struggle on deleting the ones that are mistakenly added or not needed for the server, but I can only delete it individually not all at once. If possible, can yall update it with an option to delete channels all at once?
It's a good application, but it has a few bugs that need to be fixed. For example, it freezes a lot and most of the chat do not load.
Its ok but you can try it but overal 3 stars
I love discord but it seems like the more updates it gets, the worst it gets. The app used to run cleanly and smoothly for me, but now I'm constantly being glitched into other channels, I can't type when I open new channels, random users accounts pop up mid typing, channels and dms disappear when I open notifications. It seems like the app is just getting worse and worse the more updates it gets, along with some updates being entirely pointless and annoying like font changes.
so the new mobile UI.. i dont like it so heres everything im not happy with about it. server list area i dont like, please put i back to the right of the chat. the swipe right to reply to a message is kinda useless, everyone will just hold down a message to reply anyways. and lastly i dont like where Direct message and group chats are placed now please put them back. in the end what i want to say is you've made the mobile app to distant from the pc version and i hope you'll reflect on this chang
It seems to work pretty well. The layout and navigation are difficult to master.
Very beautiful app for chatting
Still no group invite notifications! Need more notification options as missing a lot of group invites. Remove group invitations, just add people to a group. End up using WhatsApp group to add people to Signal group.
i miss the old discord. one if the biggest things i hate about the big update is taht i cant swipe right to see member list. i have to click. also the search is weird. and i think its more work to get to pinned messages. and the set up. the setup sucks i hate it. i never know when i have a new message, because its harder to notice. i hate it
connection is bad, people can't hear me well.
I'm giving it a 2 star for now bc for whatever reason it's so damn laggy like I can't even type or do ANYTHING. And no, no it is not my internet bc it's perfectly fine. This is getting so damn annoying that I will probably just delete the app forever. The other apps on my phone are working perfectly fine as well. I hope you can somehow help me fix this problem bc I miss talking to my friends! :[
Nice,but प्रमोट people to use it
Throughly enjoy the App!
No more SMS support. I suppose it's to keep everything involved in their own proprietary system. This is very inconvenient though. Now one must have multipe apps for texting. I did my best to get everyone in Signal. But not everyone wanted to switch over. So I like many other users, I will hang on for a bit. But ultimately, Will be deleting. Being able to have everyones messages in 1 app is more important than having encrypted messaging. I am also pulling my funding for this.
Very convenient app to use when you don't have any more time left on your regular cell phone plan 😁 However I have had a few bad experiences with the app also. Like it has a.ind of it's own when making or trying to recieve phone calls
Clueless what to do with this app..... No instructions on how to set up and use......
It'll keep you out of FB Jail.... LOL
This app has constant ads and is very very slow
This is sad how, I purchased mins for UK using Google pay but I never recieved the service. Google pay confirms that the payment was made whereas Skype states that there so no purchase of the service. It's been a month I'm struggling with google pay and Skype as they are not able to sort out my problem. All I'm doing is sending screenshot of each team to the other. Why can't the developers raise an issue and solve it on their level instead of frustrating a user or customer.
It was fine before adding the lock in number bs
Not really better it's has more issues I hop it's will be fix it
It's Soo Good I Can Easily Chat w My Roblox Friends
Even when you know your password Skype makes it super difficult to log in when traveling. I've been told I need to wait 24 hours for Skype to update my information. No wonder people have so using this piece of garbage
I have been enjoying this app quite a bit.
I resver a phone nr from and I did pay it next think I know my phone nr has been change wow... Stay a way guys from costumers service does not give a dam try to call and email no response at all.
It's fine except I don't get notifications
it nice and easy to use just one request. we use this for notifications to groups but would be nice to be able to make certain people an admit, only select guys can post messages. that would make it so much easier to post messages without other nonsense
Very nice app full working app
I've used discord for a very long time I've been of and on it since 2017 however since 2019 I've stuck with it and used it daily. I love this app and how its gotten easier to use over the years of its release, however I'd like to say resent updates make the app look horrible on mobile. I'm not sure if it's a bug but images no longer fit within the screen (in portrait mode of your mobile) and I don't like how image now get bunched together and cropped on what you see if sent together.
Unable to create an account. Continously refreshes area code selection screen after choosing area code.
app has major lags when being in a call and using the app simultaneously for long periods of time, even crashes occasionally. generally has been buggy, even more so since the design refresh
easy to use no hassle phone number app
Just ok. It works, but slower to load that whatsapp or messenger, and and the video features aren't as user-friendly. Shouldn't be this way this late in the game...
check manually for messages due to one of the group messages on here are
Its great just the volume cannot hear
I can't post anything half the time. Gotten even worse since update.... EDIT: It's 2024 and the app has gotten even worse. If it wasn't a requirement I would never use it. This app is dumpster juice mixed with diarrhea water. DO NOT RECOMMEND.
Better than what's app
awesome app, deffinately will use again. very pleased how well it sounds and plays out. easy to use
But my calls constantly drop even though I'm using Wi-Fi. I don't receive texts right away so I have to repeatedly refresh my messages. And now calls aren't even coming through. It will just pop up that I have a missed call. Frustrating. Used to love it. Now, not so much.
What have you done with this app? Really guys? Bye then
One of the best platforms I've been using. I'm very grateful that it is still free of charge. Thank you so much.
Texting works but the calling doesn't work at all
worst update in the history of updates
I'm VERY confused as to how to upgrade my Nitro account… I just want more than 50 custom emojis. "We don't currently support upgrades to Nitro for subscriptions through Google." No apparent options in "Manage" ("primary" and "backup" payment method). I don't even know if using $9.99 Nitro will allow more than 50 custom emojis… That's all I'm really asking for atm. I hope I get a response here or my email… I'm stuck.
Eh. It used to be a great app. But after the last update, I cannot see the controls when in a call. I can't hang up or mute myself or video chat or anything. I have to either make another call to get me out of the page or full on restart my phone!
I kindly request the restoration of the previous layout. I sincerely appreciate your assistance and I am willing to cooperate in any way necessary.
From iranin people:you are amazing and thanks 😊 for support in this time God bless you are 💙💙🙏🏻🙏🏻
Not yet commonly used
Umm it okay but the minute I get on it it stops working
Random, unnecessary UI change that completely scrambled the app layout.
So far I have not had any And many of my friends use TextNow And I hope others we'll give it a try thank you
Calls always glitching the audio sucks and I can't ever connect my Bluetooth on calls, me and my boyfriend really struggle to talk and we're long distance
The new layout is absolutely terrible
Yooooo it's amazing I'm only 15 years old and I'm a girl its😚😚😚😚😚😚🤩🤩🤩🤩
This app is really good so far! I'm able to talk to mostly my friends on this app and it's so good! The thing is, I've been having connection problems and my wifi is getting the best possible signal, though the app takes too long to connect on my phone, please fix this issue
This app went from 4.5 stars to 3.3 stars in a matter of weeks due to the horrible UI update 🤡
Garbage, Scam calls and msg all the time. So many ads and there's no we're to move around.
Not worth using with the new update, certainly not worth nitro. Without a fix to the terrible UX I just can't recommend the mobile app anymore. Stick to desktop or even just the web app.
I just hate new update, pls bring back that old interface 🙏
Cannot seem to delete no longer used groups
Discord deserve 5stars of course but recently I'm having some issues like I log out on my account and when I try to login it shows "new location detacted verify you Gmail". DISCORDD I can't verify my email cz I forget the password of it and the phone that the email was in it is stolen. SO WHAT SHOULD I DO KNOW. I REALLY NEED MY ACCOUNT DISCORD PLEASE HELP ME
Removed sms ssupport for no apparent reason.
editing again - multiple times ive been on a call with my gf and discord crashes. i restart it and it does the same thing when i rejoin the call. ive restarted my phone, checked if the app needs to update, and nothing works. idk why it's doing this, but PLS fix it.
Realy good app but it needs a switch account button on Mobile
I had before and it worked really well 👍 but then I had to delete it because it stopped working properly 😡 so I tried continuously to sign on again but it won't let me so I don't recommend it to anyone who has deleted it and tried to re download it
Now to see the power of Muslims
why some come through and others don't. This is not reliable for messaging.
Can you upgrade to the story status mode
I've been using this app for a few years now! And it was doing great but as of these last few weeks it's been glitchy like it won't let you open the app and also I've noticed when I received phone calls it won't even pop up or let me answer the calls!..Now this app has always had ads however when you're texting they will interfere with just doing a simple text meaning I will be texting someone and look up and boom it's only a few words even captured and I'll need to start over!! Please FIX this
speaker that every other app on my phone work.
I used to love this app until I tried doing a video call and even if me and the person I'm contacting have full signal, it glitches and freezes and even cuts out all together. I'm seriously annoyed with Skype in whole
shut down the app in the task manager.
Absolutely the worst of the bunch. Can't delete a contact. Can't delete chat history. Just a real POS piece of software. You be ashamed of how bad Skype is.
Very great app
Very enjoyable app. Allows me to keep my work and social life seperated so I don't accidentally send my boss the wrong thing. Only thing that would make it even better is if it had a dark mode. I often use it at night and the white background is startlingly bright. I use dark on everything so switching to this app isn't worth it sometimes.
They broke the app with the UI update the UI update is not only horrible and less usable but it doesn't let me upload pictures at all which worked perfectly fine before the UI update and it also broke the UI for joining voice calls i can only see like 1/5 of the call. The discord app also takes an extra minute to load.
Vary Nice
brand new app for m we, hopefully it works
It ok
I pretended to be another dude and my girl liked the other dude😞(she said i was lame)
Fix discord stream audio quality please
It's good for groups and school stuff, but anyone can message you and you can't block someone. I got a vulgar message and they only let me hide it from view. I couldn't even report it.
A very great app, for private conversation and has a comparatively simple UI. Has a lot of features similar to WhatsApp or telegram, Upsides: 1. You can even schedule messages(not available in WhatsApp or telegram yet) 2. No data tracking. 3. Has open source encryption, so your chat is yours only. Some downsides are that 1. signal doesn't have a messages pinning feature, unlike telegram and WhatsApp. 2. while telegram and WhatsApp is used by masses, signal has a relatively smaller user base.
Can never sign back in
would be better if they still aloud facetime, but they don't 😒
It is a great app
The app is good. When a backup fails due to not having enough space, it would be great if the app let me know how much space is needed. Right now, it's a guessing game.
I don't like Bing on skype every time I deleted it off of my skype it re-appears every day. Overall, this app is really good
Since the new UI update I've had nothing but problems with the app. It takes longer to load things if it loads at all, it gets stuck on the channel I open it to no matter what server I try switching to, it crashes randomly. And that's to say nothing about how there's now like 5 extra steps to get to things when there used to be 2-3 tops. Users aren't complaining because we don't like how it looks, we're complaining because what used to be a well functioning app just flat out doesn't work well.
I love the opportunity to work
I enjoy this app. I enjoy it and get to check out my options for my schedules.
message cannt be sent to this person. And she's shown me on her phone it's
Security
Heloo The application was great, and I love making servers, ranks, channels, decorating, and everything. I love working in Discord, but Most of the time it logs out automatically and is slow to use on the phone and on the computer. It is a little good in use ..
Great app but can be buggie at times
Good app for group connect
I been trying so hard that I rage quit
Privacy
its awesome and quick
It is a good app for gaming and for chating with your friends
It's okay not excellent
It is really annoying that the in call volume can't not be completely turn off or go below a certain level. Why is that?
Number got deleted or something and can't create a new account
The latest update ruined the app. Doesn't have floating chat, notification sounds don't work. Terrible.
best chatting app except they make u use nitro for everything
Great on mobile and PC. Some restrictions on Chromebook.
Sometimes It doesn't send notifications of new messages.
It was great.
I am unable to upload pics.... I keep getting an error message every time!!
it does not notify me when I have messages. It also says I have an unread message when I don't.
It has problems last days for Android. I am not able to read the messages. I try to open app and it closes in a second. I reinstalled the app few times , cleared cookies but nothing changes. I still can't read my messages.
Doesn't even work anymore. Cant even choose a new number and blocked my current number that i had for a long time even after i was still active with it. It only been 7 days since i hadn't used it and it took my number away from me. Then wont let me choose another number. Keeps saying my number was inactive as soon as i choose a new one. Im done with this app. Would give zero stars if i could.
Issues after update: sometimes after plugging in earbuds, the calls don't go thru earbuds but thru speaker of my phone. I'm not sure how to fix this either. It happened twice and I was able to magically fix it the first time, but the second time I gave up. Restarting app and plugging in & out my earbuds (& restarting phone) did not help. Again.
There's a glitch in discord. My on screen keyboard keeps disappearing, so I can't text any of my friends. I would like for this glitch to be fixed please!
I couldn't even sign in everything I tried with my google account it said I violated some terms even though it was my first time and I didn't do anything besides sign in. When they said recover your account they tell you they send a email but I looked in "all mail" and I waited for 5 minutes and nothing shows up
If something happens and you can't get your bill paid text free really yeah
new ui is actually awful, the developers insist in making changes to things the user base never had a problem to begin with instead of making the app better to use. i already wasn't using discord on mobile that much and with this ui i'll probably use it even less.
Great way to get to know your neighbors.
Terrible wouldn't let me tx it kept wanting me to change my number. I changed it six different times and still had issues n gave up
"Describe Experience". How can I experience the stupid thing if it cancels my account and I haven't even made the account yet. I put in my email put in a password to set up an account and then it says I'm violating something. Please tell me how.
Singnal it cool
I can't connect with my work team because the app won't allow me to update my number. I have to receive the group text through my phone messages and I'm not happy about that because I miss out on important things. I've sent 3 emails asking for help have not gotten a response. Very disappointing.
Excellent and calls are very clear
Good apps. But why you can't open and upload stories from your gallery. There is only option to take a picture from camera and make text only. It's pointless in my opinion if you can't freely share any pictures in the story from your gallery.
There is multiple people always trying to scam people and going into people private files and posting them
Datamining you while you travel, too.
Since taken over by MS Skype has become as crappy as Windows. Constant
I'm becoming extremely agitated that it won't let me make phone calls I did all the proper setting and its still not working and this app is starting to piss me off
Was working great but now app won't open after last update. Still not opening
It is already have an account for the phone number y'all are awful. I don't understand why you won't allow me to access my own account.
Overall good ?C-SOH7
Easy to use and navigate through the application.
The new UI is absolutely awful, it makes discord so incredibly slow and it wasn't even needed. Great job at ruining the app :D
ADD CLASSIC NITRO BACKKK
Very good platform it just needs some bots or something to filter certain things that are considered racist
Signal was great when it supported both SMS and their proprietary format. I used it as SMS for most people, and some happened to join signal and that was a little bonus. Now I have to switch to a new SMS app. I'll leave it on my phone for a while, but I'm pretty sure the 1 or 2 friends who were also Signal users are going to give it up as well. The people I want to secure message with without using SMS use WhatsApp. It was never *that good* at SMS/MMS.
Favorited gifs keeps becoming greyed out/inaccessible, again. No way to fix, I've tried restarting the app, clearing cache both from within the app, from the phone's UI, and restarting my phone. Every other category loads immediately. I waited 5 minutes with no change.
App OK 4 what it is
Some calls cant hear on and it drops calls other than thst its a good app
Love using signal, feel safe and love the fact you have to put your pin in now and again it just feels a secure app
Oof this is the best social media (:-)
Every time I  get a call the other person cant hear it. I also cant even set up a voice mail. I followed  directions  but still doesn't work and there is no option for it in my settings.
Works ok for adult chat. No way to add kids as a family group. Thus 3 stars
I started using this app from today. Chat backup cannot be provided. Sharing photos with friends reduces their resolution. A lot of improvements are needed and the UI should be made more attractive and beautiful.
Have to pay for verification texts, dont waste your time with this trash
it works well. being able to make and receive calls using Wi-Fi is great. If you use your number often it'll stay the same.
all good but why is there a Skype button? I haven't used that since 2012.
Great connection fast response time
was much better before Microsoft took it over
App has become crazy laggy..I'm using LG gpad 7.0 Android version 4.3..I'm uninstalling now and try reinstalling.hope it fixes my issue
i need to pay to get google messages Lol
It has been a great way to keep in touch and share information quickly!
App is pretty good for messaging but it's crashing from a few days as soon as I open it. Hope developers fix this
It's all good till the emojis arrive. The discord needs to step up with the emoji graphical design.
not very useful either. This app needs major work to be viable. DO NOT USE
It's ok but I randomly, get kicked out from time to time.
It won't download. It just says pending, and no matter how long I wait, it never loads
Great way to reach a few at a time
Works as it should. Does what you need
It won't acknowledge my old phone I went back to Samsung A21
Works okay. Still occasionally get the notification bug. I just sign out from the app, uninstall, reinstall, re-sign in. A bit of a hassle but it works. Just sucks when you miss an important msg OLD REVIEW FROM 2018: Notifications no longer work on my new phone (Note 9). Also, messages don't refresh until I go into a chat directly. If I attempt to refresh all messages from the main menu, I get an endlessly spinning wheel. Will update review when fixed. I have already uninstalled and reinstalled
Has a lot of options and things you can do with it. I talk to a lot of my friends through Discord! It works great and once you know your way around youll be good!
Fun fact that I only want warm Love
My experience is very good
Too slow. not working smoothly. my phone has 3gb ram. but still it not working.
Is some times cut the calls in its own but is fine
It's hard to play games but good to use to chat
Not bad , calls are pretty clear for the most part. And work well 99% of the time.
Msg don't always get sent and frezzes here and there.
I dont get notifications for servers im in anymore.
I am having trouble figuring out how to screenshare 😭💀
Worest not working not get otp if too many times try again ni responce
Terrible connection the last time I have used it. September 4 2022 It was just useless. Not sure what happened?? Have been using this app on and off for about a year never any problems!???!
Was an amazing app, now they are dropping sms. Very dumb move
Need to use before comment.
To say the new layout sucks would be an understatement. the UI is incredibly buggy on the z fold 4 and i constantly have to restart the app to fix it.
So far using this app is going well. Sometimes message failed comes up but is cleared up shortly after
Updated the UI to something that's trash compared to the old UI with no option to use the old one
Love discord. it's pretty good for a chatting app. is there better ones out there? probably but discord works and I understand it
I've used this app for over a year. It sucks on a level I cannot even explain. One star is too generous for this app. I Uninstalled it and went back my normal messaging app. Total garbage
conicting not good
Not to good
So far haven't had any issues
Drops calls all the time is this fixable?
IT WON'T LET ME CANCEL MY SUBSCRIPTION!! I tried already many times it is stupid, help me on this now. I don't use the app anymore it's useless to me
The Ul update has made the app exhausting to use. I don't want to interact in multiple communities now because it's so hard to manage, DMs are a hassle that I constantly miss, and there's no easy way to go directly to notifications or clear all I only use mobile as my primary device so it's just made my experience so difficult. Video sharing in dm or small groups is also just bizarrely set up and crops the screen share pretty significantly.
Hadn't updated the app for a couple of months after hearing all the hate for the new Ui over haul. I got a new phone, and it auto updated. know I get where all the hate is coming from. The older Ui was similar to the desktop version. Now, they seem like 2 completely different applications
Good place to share your thoughts
Ok but I'll started to get problems calling my families and customers as friends it stopped at times that's were very important to my phones calls App stopped on calls.sorry about that kiddo Would've be better if you checkout whatever make this happen in The App.
Breaking of voices.
This app sucks. It texts fine,  but the calling is horrible,  calls always laugh out,  break up,  drop.  Something to make it to where u can barely use it,  and never want to call or get called. The key board always randomly disappears so you are always accidently clicking on the adds or just getting messed up in your texts. U need minutes to call,  but they do give u a way to get like 6 free minutes a day.  I would go for a different app.
this Is Good But If you Make a Account You Need do Verify Your Email
it doesnt let me call but the texting is great but sometimes it takes me out of the appand that really makes me mad but its a good app it lets get a phone number and buy it or you can not buy one but you cant use it on a differnt texting and calling app it is good
Met a great group of people. We couldn't all group chat right so we downloaded this app. Its wonderful.  Although it sucks you have to use data but its worth. It does suck that android users don't seem to be able to send videos tho
It doesn't work quickly and it spasm.
New UI is bad. I held off on review until I've had use with it without me not liking change but this has been overall a worse user experience in general. When viewing DMS it snaps to a random point in a previous convosation forcing me to scroll down to see messages. Navigating is laggy and is very slow to load content. The amount of clicks to get everywhere had increased. The layout of DMS is the exact same as Facebook messager. It seems they went for an update for the sake of it
Amazing for chatting
Too many UI bugs, eg. back button never works.
I don't always get my notifications
It usedxto be awesome, app crashes before log in its ridiculous
New UI. bad.
Very good especially if you dont have Whatsapp
I like it good to chat people
I have been a faithful customer to text now for well over 10 years. I made the Fatal mistake of purchasing the locked phone number to receive Verification codes to my phone. It did not work. Instead it has a little gray box that shows up on my screen every 2 minutes stating how they're not able to verify my purchase of my locked in number. Even after canceling my subscription and removing my debit card from Google Play I'm still being charged $2 a week. I have contacted textnow customer service.
Good but how
I'm still getting used to it
Great gob 💔🪦
It's a really nice way to stay connected with a wide group of people at once..
I'm using this app almost 1years ago . so this app is very good and call voice is very clear than other apps like whatsapp etc . this is amazing app for messaging and sending receiving videos photos . and make groups with friends and chill more . All features are fantastic ❤
My mobile vibrates and I can't send files
This is a very good messaging app. The UI is so pleasing and minimalistic. The most important thing is that it's private. I'd recommend this to everyone.
i tried to login to my acc and i did the password i did everything and still this app is the worst
I used this app for many years. It was great but with no more support for sms/mms this is not useful to me anymore. So unfortunate...
This game lets me chat and send emojis which are cute but it lags alot and has annoying bugd which they should get rid of
Wish it had video sending feature
I use the app for work and it is great! Hopefully future updates will fix the massive battery drain I have experienced on two phones. I've recently purchased a new phone with an extended battery. This is the only thing keeping my phone going throughout the day. In addition, I have a case with a built in battery...all because of this one application!! Please fix this and then it will be excellent!
Not working.....  Always echo sounds..
This used to one of the best app out there but with your latest update, it has been super glitchy and very slow. At first I thought it was my device until I switched device and it still persisted, please can you take us back to the old days when Skype was simple but very efficient and effective tool for prompt communication
Love it. Made me get closer to the end
Lately everyone in my group me chat haven't been getting alerts! We have to open the app to see if there are any msg. So annoyed!
Works ! Ads Kill wifi signaL . Hope the call is not important ! I care about Google Play !
Convenient way to stay in touch
It's awesome
Pretty good for working with complex team units spread across a wide area.
Always crashing absolute horrible app
not a fan of the new update, like AT ALL. its hard to navigate through everything, and sometimes freezes. i miss the old layout.
I would rate it as five stars, but the lack of runtime permissions is a security problem. I find that it goes against the whole point of this app. Edit: I should have edited it a long time ago because now it has runtime permissions.
It was good at first, making it possible to set up a phone number when I was selling a vehicle online. But now there's too many Loops jump through.
Can't send pics all my friends have this issue
I'm not so sure I like it too much because of the simple fact, that you can't share the messages on GroupMe that are sent to you or the videos you can't share them to your Google drive or your emails for archiving purposes.
Downloaded this app and ended up paying for it and then it DID NOT work. I gave the number out but no one could get throug - texts went nowhere. Now it's uninstalled and l have no idea how to cancel the payment
It always crashes
click on a button or link and I have to wait before any action takes place.
Hello, Im having trouble adding minutes to my text free number
I can't send a new text message because the send/record button overlap each other. Please fix. Thanks for fixing the issue
I cannot receive my verification code. I've been doing the troubleshooting they provided but, nothing worked.
Love ❤️ it
love this app.
i think this is a great app to text on but not to call. you have to pay or watch alot of adds/videos to get calling minutes.so if you want to call this might not be the app for you but if you just text then you should get the app.
Discord is very useful and has easily become my primary form of social media for years. I like it, but the latest change to the UI was not a great move. The new update is buggy and slow and kicks me out of calls for no reason. I don't think it's unintuitive, but it's such a drastic change that was really unneeded since it was already intuitive before. It is also no longer consistent with the desktop version, so you will have to learn both separately. Very annoying
Always fails to connect calls or give me minutes
Haven't tried it yet!
I would give this 4 or 5 star but this app is kind of embarrassing. 1: Honestly the ads at the bottom of the keyboard are annoying because when I am typing I always press the ads. 2: I wish some of the stuff was more free like verification codes and a lock in number because for me, I don't have a phone number, and if you wanted to use something like whatsapp or signal, stuff like that, it says that you have to pay to get verification texts. So I'm asking, please make more things unlocked.
Has had some interesting UI changes. New users won't know what's up, but for the rest of us the new changes are jarring, clunky, and awkward to get around compared to the original UI. Desktop is untouched... for now. But who knows what the big suits up at Out Of Touch HQ want next?
I can't find the icon on my tablet.:-(
Sends messages receives them too got a few other gimmicks.
Good but something 13 video calling mute unmute did not working and all video call did not working .why ? I am study to this app so clearly i worked to this app.
it aucks, i cant even send one message without an ad. you can pay for the ads to go away but the app isnt worth it, it sucks
Great app! Solved our problem of a "too large" text group and iPhones not playing well with Android users.
It keeps crashing
Not as good as line app. Cant select more than one image from gallery, no
can we have a quicker way to block scammers please? I need to go through so many menus each time
Sometimes it doesn't notify me when someone text me, so I miss time sensitive things.
Simple, easy to use.
Refused to allow me calls and texts after like 8 months and an update. So, I uninstalled it and now it REFUSES to let me sign or even sign up for a new account. Keeps getting an error message......
I cannot get it to get off my desktop when I am not using it. very annoying
Great app to use
With the new update, i can confidently say that this is one of the buggiest, problem ridden apps I've ever used, with a team of people who dont care about user experience nor any semblance of a usable UI. I can't send images, app buggs out and crashes in calls, and they removed the option to revert back to the original ui
Won't sign into the Android app despite being able to sign in online.  Update 11/19. After update, sign in still does not work on Moto z
In general for base function it is okay. But the app is slow and do not have split screen mode.
"Cannot restore backup from newer version of signal" Signal team needs to prioritize this issue. It just caused me to lose a bunch of messages 😞
Ok not good, won't let you answer incoming calls, screen stays black so you can't even see to answer. Call quality ok.
Keeping in touch with my son over seas in the military. No complaints does a great job
I just got a job so I haven't got paid yet and have no money. Sooo that being said, how the heck am I supposed to get my verification codes if I gotta pay just to get them????? Absolutely pointless if I can't help myself out.
Ruined by removing SMS .
This app is full of bugs and doesn't work
I can't get incoming calls says missed call instead of ringing
Great app, crystal clear audio.
It's okay, and it is different from the other.
Glitches and Blocking codes from coming through. Ya'll being extra with this. Some of the ads are causing glitches and delays from getting on or off a phone call. I did the updates and everything. It ain't working!!!!! Ya'll need to fix this.
Great app for me and my classmates to keep in touch.
it's not been working the last few days
I've been using it for years now and it's okay. It has everything needed and more. However, there are minor differences between the platforms. Mobile e.g doesn't support the avatar decoration/profile effect or shows every game I'm playing though the launchers are connected. When I play a specific game on my computer it doesn't show it in my status while playing, though it does with other games from the same launcher or for other users. All things are minor and there's not enough space for all
App is great but it does not give notifications even when mute is turned off and names do not update so I am unable to mention anyone. I have tried uninstalling and downloading and this does not work.
Great for texting. Sometimes (80%) in mid-call the person on the other side cannot hear me. If I wait, the problem remains, so I have to hangup and redial. Also, the person on the other end gets an echo of our conversation sometimes (70%).
New mobile UI is.. Before update I spent half a second to open any chat, DM, or anything Now.. everything is more thah 2 seconds To open smth I need to wait.. and wait... Well someone made code to bring old UI back so Im good for now
Not so bad works fine my duagher uses it and loves it easy way to communicate
i really don't like the new interface and it's bugs
Takes forever to open hear Eco's when making phone calls and static
Dropped my 5 ⭐ to 2 due to the constant add and game pop ups unnecessary every time I make a call text or check my messages I have to continuely wait for adds before I can make calls or text it's becoming more inconvenient compared to previous years iv have been extremely happy with this app never once have I had any type of issues except the 1 where I was eligible for free SIM card for carrying my number and account continuously over 5y as my second business line my ?'s the constant adds/fees
Group calls are not good
Perfect quality of calls,would definitely reccomend to use.
The app is very good to communicate with friends. One problem I am having, though on mobile, is that when I use group calls, no audio comes out. I used to not have this type of problem it just happened recently.
I've been a costomer for a couple years and I love it except I would like to see a change. I would like an annual price including everything. I don't have this phone service cause I'm a responsible adult. Work with me, people.
I am so sorry to say this but my experience with Skype over this last 3 weeks has been awful! I am trying to connect with a friend. My account keeps getting blocked. It is not because of the credit card on my credit card and because they say there's no problem. I have asked repeatedly for help from the virtual help on Skype and I'm getting nowhere. So so far my experience has been just awful. I would love to speak with an agent in person! And by speak I mean voice to voice. Thank you!
Don't receive messages, when I get messages 8hrs later??.
probably one of the better texting services. but calling is hard to get time for. 1 minute per 30 second video. guess you can't complain to much, when its free :)
Nice experience and made new friends that help me play Match Masters in the chat.
It crashes way too many times.
One 🕐 day 💖 becomes more reliable
I love discord, but the icons always disappear and it never is easy to send photos. it always manages to glitch out
Doesn't support Sms anymore
Can no longer mute a group. New "emojis" are elementary. Can we have the time stamp back?  New layout isn't bad, but design doesn't help if we lose functionality.
Terrible glitch. Unlinking linked devices out of nowhere. Hey what is happening with this app??? App was working just fine until this December second week. I use this on my pc, linked to my mobile number and every now and then, it would ask to scan code. What the heck is this? Fix this asap.
The texting is great but the calling could be better. It echo's really bad and you can't hear the person you call or they can't hear you.
Thought it was alright
Works rlly good but constantly logs me out of my account
Everything that can be wrong with this app is wrong with it. Worst ever. I wouldn't pay for this app, waste of money and time.
Im am getting no response from the developers over the daily update issue I'm having!! The app is backing up everyday!It is also backing up on my data when we have Loadshedding. At times just hangs while backing up, only finishes when I open the app. Please sort, I've emailed a dozen times requesting assistance. There is no option to set wifi or data backups, no setting for when it should backup I.e daily, weekly, monthly. This is very frustrating.
Been using the new UI for almost a month and I still can't get used to it. Please change it back 🙏
I've used this app for years and had little issues. Now the adds automatically download the apps being advertised. Crazy annoying and will be 1 star till it changes. Edit: if I could give them 0 stars I would. Just got banned for violating their terms of service. I have no clue what I did and I've had the same account for nearly 5 years. I even paid for the service at one point. It just locked me out and didn't provide any feedback as to what happened. This company is TERRIBLE!!!!!!!
I go to text and when I look back to see if a person texted back the message I sent is gone don't like it
Bug in gif sharing. Whenever I try to share gif by gif search after the search keyword all gif Frozen and If I choes anything(gif) to share on that time automatically went out from chat and ask fingerprint unlock. Please fix it
Messages don't always show up in real time
Interesting corporate suicide. Why an app would decide to alienate the entire US customer base so they could better compete with the big baddies on the thing the company cares about, at the cost of an enormous chunk of the userbase. The goal was admirable, the chosen means to achieve this goal were drawn in crayon and smeared with drool. Dumbest thing I have ever seen in this space, which is a mouthful, and the doubling down by the devs is a spectacle to behold.
this app has no paste option in chat
Tried to message and told me to log out and log back in to get new number so I did then told me the same thing
If someone does not reply, it continues to say they left the group
It doesn't send activation code
Won't give me minutes even though I've watched 3 videos and done one
I no longer have group me in my text messages. The app just disappeared from my phone one day.. I have updated the app several times, deleted then added it again. It still doesn't work properly. This is so frustrating as I need this app for communication. Smh
I am not in use Skyp
The absolute worst, I understand lag and audio drops but this app will randomly end calls, for no reason. Furthermore this "company" earns money each time you view an ad which is why they give you minutes. However the app will take two minutes per forty seconds at times and take minutes for calls that never connect. The quality of calls is absolutely wretched. With my cell being the only thing connected to the network I regularly have poor quality or no connection. Do not download this app.
Nice working
All in all it's a good app. The drawbacks are that tou can't see if people are online, you can't make polls and there is no button for these short round videos(like in Telegram). Everything else has been great so far.
I downloaded an then turned around an uninstalled , i didnt know my number would change i would like to keep my number so no thanks
I've always had a good, respectful, and professional experience with Text Now. Read, like, and share. Happy Holidays to you All. God bless you all.
It's legit. Use all the time. Literally a second personal number. You don't have to worry about your main number being used for things or given to people you'd rather not have your main line involved with. Totally awesome won't find a better one than this. Although it can be choppy in calls, drop calls, hard to connect or send messages sometimes but not enough to not use an you should not use the app for important things. If quality of calls was better it would be 5 not 4 stars.
new ui sucks
Still getting charged from other Company. Sad
Won't open up it's keep shutting down 👎
It's a great app and I've been using it for quite a while, but recently I haven't been receiving notifications, no matter how many times I change the settings. This has become an issue since I use the app for important communications within my organization. I have heard similar things from other people. Please fix!
The new UI update is more confusing and less easy to navigate I wouldnt mind if its optional but it being forced isnt great We got a whole new layout but still cant use profile decorations on mobile when it was possible in the older versions Whats the point of buying nitro then if half the features don't work on mobile
It's good and all but major problem is that when I made my account it said what till we make you it so I waited and I checked to see if it loaded but no it sent me back to the login page and when I tried to make a new account it said that email is already in use I'm confused I was thinking to my self and thought how was I supposed to delete if I just made it so yeah that what I wanted to say goodbye.
Good app for texting didnt have very much luck with the app when i tried to call out on it...
cant send a message, cant view a video normally
Constantly broken in new ways
it's not letting me recive any calls and it's doesn't even ring through but could you also make so we don't ever lose or numbers to the app that we have right now for numbers please
when they asked me how many stars i rate them n how they be doin...i be like.damnnnnnnnnn yall get 4 cuz sometimes my app be acting crazy!!! say werd....
after the latest update, everything stopped working. it took stupid amounts of time to send even the smallest files, and joining vcs doesn't even work.
Pretty good. Has limits but there are ways around thr filters.
The worst app ever!!! I was invited to join a group and just after registering, it banned me saying that I'm violating their policy,how can i be violating a policy if i didn't even start the app? This app is complete garbage i tell you. Don't waste downloading this. It doesn't even deserve the one star rating i gave it. Useless app!
There is a lot of bugs with this software and some major usability issues. Usability issue: after every other call, a full screen add appears and for 20 seconds I cannot use my phone at ALL. I cannot close the app down or do anything else. Bugs: I often have to exit out of the program a few times to listen to a single voicemail. Secondly, When on another call via my main line, TextNow shuts off my speaker when an incoming call comes in.
As soon as I get into making a phone call and kicks me out so
lately when I tap the icon, it just says "app not installed" and doesn't open. EDIT: a reinstall fixed it
Good,but does get boring real quickly.
Very hard to get Skype should be able to make it easy
It's getting worse. Messages don't get delivered to the recipient,it screws up audio messages. It's still better than Messenger but let's not hold ourselves to such a low standard.
Never let me down, until 2years later. Am on beta to give feedback for updates. Then, by 2023, they decided to give up on SMS, meaning "find another all-encompassing message service" . Thanks guys, fortunately there are several good alternatives. Bye! Can't help feeling it's "spying" on me - why does it continually need to access my Contacts when I am NOT using Phone/Text/Email, etc? REDUCE TO ONE STAR!!
Good but sometimes a guy eating popcorn screenshot makes u get banned
I have not written much but I have read posts from many wonderful people and seen some excellent videos and even some funny things. Everyone is so nice and so smart and I just enjoy the conversations.
It's aight
This app is horrible. It keeps getting worse and worse. First, every couple days the messages are delayed and then my phone goes off with a multitude of backlogged messages when it catches up. Second, posting is difficult when it fails and you have to try to resend multiple times before it finally goes through. And third, which is also the worst, it drains my battery to the point where I have to charge my phone 3 times a day. I wish I could use a different app but this is what my job uses.
I do not get notifications when messages come in....everything is turned on and other people have tried to figure it out and cant figure out why I dont get a ping.
Love the privacy of this app!
Been using this this app for a long time and now it's unbearable from how slow and laggy it is.
I do use discord a lot but I have a deleted account that got automatically deleted and was linked with my phone number, and I can't talk on any server that needs that verification, and same with a verified email. I can't do anything now. Thx
Reliable, secure and lots of great features, no pop-up ads interfering with its use. Clean, safe, reliable. Signal makes all other E2E encrypted (and non encrypted messaging services) inferior. There are more "popular" (well known) similar apps that in my opinion, everyone should migrate from, and TO SIGNAL. Hat goes off to the developers. Thank you. Keep up the great work! Maximum stars and thumbs up!
Bought sim card. Then paid $9.95 but phone would not call without wifi. Couldnt receive either. Of course no data provider (textnow) either. $15 wasted. They should refund my payment. I'll just use my A32 5G at home or anywhere with wifi available. Going to buy new phone on Feb 1st. Just give my old A32 to my daughter or something. Free textnow gives you a bonus really with unlimited call and text.. Data not that important anyway and 2GB for $10 is kind of high anyways. Thanks, but no thanks.
WoW , your Ok
It is a good app but it doesn't always work.
I have not been able to get a hold of anyone
Bans accounts for no reason
I can't join a server attimes When there are no restrictions and link is still valid
Calls suck
i am just tryubg this application with my 2nd-line Cell phone application/my main communucation, After The Word End..just incase there are more survivors In the future I suppose when my mom said we'll just wait and we will see, possibilities infinate, Peace, Swallow that if there is the sliver of a piece of the microscopic cellular, "calibrate my Scales" digital scale asstrology sign 'Libra, or Scopion, or Chinese zodiack kodak polar bear SEEMS TO BET goldeN?W.T.F.?They want my opinion?
Great free cell number
Recent update made it slower
Disappointing the AMOLED theme cannot be used in combination with "Automatic (follows system settings)" it's been "experimental and incomplete" for years.
This is absolutely the worst application to use for a phone app. It never wants to connect. It slows down your entire phone. It intentionally drops your phone calls. Don't ever have an important phone call on this app. I know this for certain because while on a call my signal is at the strongest it can be and after 2 or 3 min on the call it starts beeping saying "poor network connection" won't reconnect to call yet while still in call run speed test with great wifi. Waste of time
So useful to make long conversation without interruption
I paid $10 for the subscription and it only lets you change your number once per day. I will be calling my bank and disputing this charge.
Love the update everything is easier to find and just feels neater
Extremely pleased with my chime app and hopefully it will help me with my credit report .thank you chime.
Could it be better if only there's a way to optimize the performance while scrolling with moving emojis from different servers with my entry level phone that lags while doing this but overall, I love it so thanks.
It is a great way to stay connected
Does good some times 97%
Looove playin' this fun game!! It gives me both the challenge that I crave but also allows me to have the mindless play for when I just want something to relax with...
The recent update is confusing and difficult to navigate. I wish I hadn't updated it. A lot of things like the status of people in the servers is hidden and it took a lot of dinking around to be able to find it. Plus idk if it's just me, but I can't participate in polls for some reason.
Make calls but cant hear anything texts works fine...5 minutes later tells it can't go through
It's all right I can change number as many time as u what to
Overall good. One complaint is video compression when sending. It often ruins the video and distorts the sound. Would love all video files >100mb to go uncompressed. Or have some option to change it.
Great app love it.
The app itself is great, but can we get rid of that story thing?! Who asked for that anyway?
This app could be better with its options to buy data and what happen to 5$ sim cards
I don't like the new UI its kinda annoying please bring back the old UI it was better thx
Good when it works
A great free app.
We have another promblem its just one persob that cant text or call me it says not delievered and when they call it goes straight to voicemail they cant recieve my text but i can call them.
Easy to use. Looks great
Good communication tool
Great for easy communication with staff.
Too much scamming on this app
Not much good. Got to personally invite every contact. Very clunky to use. The only good thing about it compared to WhatsApp, is that it doesn't have any channels.
This app saved me when I was out of touch with family. I had obsolete equipment with no service. I was able to contact my mom and dad and my husband!
Discord was more useful when it was innovative and didn't mimic/mirror the competition. As it stands right now, they are desperate to monetize and sell the business.
I'm loving every minute of it
New update is slow in connecting the app
New update leaves a lot to be desired. Slow, clunky, and overall unpolished.
amazing I have been using discord for a bit and it's just a amazing app to talk to your friends and all
To have your own pin is most important. You don't need fingerprint is already used you need your own that none can use, or you can built an option to register different fingers than ones already on Android screen lock. You guys had it right first now it's going different way... Please provide us with options of our choice how we want to lock the app. Rather than just giving one option using Android screen lock. Cheers
Nice communication tool
Not sure it's only me. I noticed since I moved to huawei mate 10, I don't receive any notifications unless I open the app manual. I thought this app will run on the background but it doesn't seems it is. I have make sure the Android OS doesn't kill this app but still it doesn't receive notification that reliable as before. I hope Skype will fix this issue quickly. Thanks.
dear text free suddenly the app log out and its always happen till 24h ago please fix this bug as soon as you can thx❤🙏
Signal is removing SMS/MMS support. Switching to Google Messages app because RCS now supports end to end encryption using Signal back end. And they still support SMS/MMS fallback.
Not getting notifications, OnePlus 8T KB2007 running Android 12, version KB2007_11_C.44, kernel version 4.19.157-perf+. No notifications showing up at any time despite allowing them in settings and allowing background activity/auto launch.
not compatible with fone system_.
This messaging app is phasing out sms, which was literally the main reason I was using it. I couldn't care less if it's going out via signal or SMS.
Wont work. Wont let me send messages, call or anything. Now it wont let me log in. Please fix it asap! This is my only life line now.
Very good app to conceal your actual number, but ppl can't hear me when they call. So i have to call them back. Great for texting.
Does everything I need it to do. Works fine.
It crashes a lot
Generally very good and clean, only problem I have is after not using it on my S9 for an hour or so, it no longer lets me know about new messages or incoming calls
This app is the beast so far
Texting works great but don't bother trying to call anyone, that part doesn't work..
The only real thing that set signal apart from every other encrypted messaging app is that it supported SMS. This made it incredibly easy to get all of my tech illiterate friends to switch to it as it was just a drop-in for whatever text message app they were using. Now that its going away, it's going to be impossible to get anyone to move away from the boomer Facebook messenger app. Looks like I will be switching away from signal to Telegram soon since it's much more popular globally thanSignal
It's a good app, especially for communication. Although I've had an issue earlier today where my entire app wouldn't load and said I was on a call I wasn't on which i couldn't turn off whatsoever. Only way I could fix it was to uninstall and reinstall it. Other than that, it's great :D
Used to be awesome now terrible always ads taking over forcing closed it's terrible just pay for service not worth it!
I've used signal for a couple of years and never had an issue until recently. The app froze and would not function even after reinstalling. Lost all messages because the backup function would not work due to freezing. I've been forced to return to the factory installed messaging app. Will give it a try another time when the issues are resolved. I've noticed many have experienced similar issues around the same time - last Sept to early Oct.
Best things since Ice Cream 🍨🍦
This app was and is very useful for me, because at one point I had let my minutes run out and (text now) allowed me to continue to make and receive calls and texts and for me that's important for me to stay working. It's very important that people download and install the (text now) app while you still have minutes. And with the free sim card I got from t Mobile it works outside of a Wi-Fi connection.
this is great to have if you dont have enough money to pay your phone bill and you have good people that let you use there wifi
Tech support is the worst. In addition to no one being able to help me with my problem it took days between responses.
Half the time I open the app I need to restart it because the bottom half of the layout just goes completely black, or the emoji tab just completely breaks. Also I've been having this aggravating bug where discord keeps telling me I have a dm notification from a specific friend over and over again even though he hasn't said anything (not the discord nitro notification).
when I'm not recieving notifications!
Not even worth downloading ! Wants to Pay for minutes or watch ads. Why would you when you have better options and free apps. Don't download is a waste of time . I give it negative 50 out of 5
Text don't come in
Enjoy text free easy to use
It has its moments of delays. voice breakage. and the odd time you can't or they can't hear you but otherwise it's good when you need that quick call out. Message works great
seems to work well was a little confused at first finding a certain group but worked out!!
Ok app. Horribly  slow though.  It's not my phone because  I've tested all the other applications and this is the only one that lags.  It takes three minutes to load, another three minutes to get the keyboard to come up. Half the time it crashes ..it's very frustrating.
Nothing will come to my love
Wont lst me create a number
Really nice app, if only it would allow you to receive security verification codes from google, facebook..etc...
Full of scammers, don't use
Push notifications stopped working. I have to reinstall everyday to bring them back
Working in group settings but many members who were sent invites are having a hard time gaining access.
I LOVE it. You don't have to worry about others interfering in your conversation.
I like it but I don't like the fact you can't earn minutes for free you have to buy them -.- it has the thing there but it ALWAYS says "no videos available" they should really fix the "free call and text" when its only "free text".... Oh and when you do try the calling it cuts out your voice so the other person can't hear you but you can hear them PLEASE FIX.
It's hard to figure out
Currently pretty unusable since the update. Gets stuck when sending pictures and won't fix itself until I restart my phone completely. Often doesn't send messages etc.
Use it to talk to everyone, but please put back the button to switch the layout. I hate change, and it's actually making me break down since I can't change it back. Please let me change it back. Just make it optional like you had it. Please, there is no way to change it back right now. It makes no sense to take away the button, and I hate it, and don't you dare give me that link of "check out all the new things" I don't care I like the old version and I want it back! (I'll update if it fixed).
Being able to search chat by message content and by author would be a big
Honestly waste of time I'll probably never use this again in my life time anyways good for what it's worth
there's a lot of ads which is really annoying and I have to press twice on the text box to type just little things but over all its helpful
For some reason very slow
Discord mobile after every update, the situation becomes worse, now I can't connect to voice with Airbus and the sound is connected from the speaker. The old versions from 1 year ago are much better in everything.
Good as it ever was ???
Keeps logging me out this app sucks
Uploading videos has been a problem for over a month now. I've submitted a ticket and the response I get it: this is a known issue. Please fix this known issue! Also, I don't recieve notifications over half of the time.
Only critque, I don't mind certain fam members having access to my phone for some stuff, but sometimes a family member will grab my phone as soon as I set it down and looks through messages. Timer in app is fine, but not full proof either. A separate pass code or pin than my phone's pass code would be nice. I would much rather set a separate code to access the app to ensure optimum privacy. I don't want to have to delete msgs all the time either w the timer feature. Food for thought..
This app is terrible! You cannot have it on your phone and a Galaxy tab S9 Plus at the same time or any Android tablet for that matter.
Keeps bugging and I can't ever send messages!
Has only been made better and better with time. It still sometimes gets stuck "checking" for messages on my S23. But I like the privacy it affords me.
Sometime is very slowly to dial a number.
Sometimes it just kicks me and doesn't let me log in my account but it's a pretty good app
It's a great app for group communication, I just wish there was a way for group leaders to make special announcement messages rather than just using normal messages for that purpose. That way you can filter out actual important messages from just casual chatter in a big group chat, and you're not bombarded with notifications that 99% of the time aren't about something you're interested in.
The new update sucks. I can't use my gallery app to send pictures anymore. Nothing will download, even when I've made sure the app has the necessary permissions. This app was so good before, why are they actively ruining it?
Each time i get added to a new group it takes a while before i start getting the messages on the actual app..ive even tried uninstalling and reinstalling and logging out etc.
It's fantastic for group or single communication. The only critiques I have is I don't always receive the notifications but I check the app once a day south normally works out.
It's okay but need to improve performance because my discord some time can't hear what my friend talk
continue supporting sms and I will change rating
Can't use with wifi
Good in general but... Instead of adding native text formatting the devs just implement stories. Nobody asked for that but ok.
Wish i had more minutes
To slow. And most of my calls never come through.
Wao after trying one,twice,etc., finally got it.
I cannot sign up. The are you human captcha after every completion it appears again and it's a loop without end.
App is good but they recently keeps disabling my accounts again and again when only I message others , it's not spamming your team can verify it this is so annoying
it's a good app to use for my team but it only let's you send 3 second or less videos when doesn't really help when I need to send my homework videos
Calls sbould be free
Would be better if it didn't glitch as much. Very often something happens causing the other party to not be able to hear me. I'll have an excellent connection but it'll still happen. They won't be able to hear me but they can hear when I press numbers on the dial pad.
Horrible used to get free minutes
Can't login into my account anymore because of an error message.
Not a big fan of the update. The layout is just confusing and a struggle to navigate.
Good app just can't see my notifications
Good to say nice
Sometimes the call doesn't connect either incoming or outgoing
It's great it does exactly what it says it'll do and nothing more.
Makes it easy to communicate to many people instantly. Wish I could delete messages that I post, create hashtags to easily revert to certain topics, and go to a section in a chat that has all the messages I sent and the messages mentioning me
The best app ever
I can't even login anymore it just logged me out. I had alot of important contacts plus potential job interviews too. I don't have alot of cash to buy phone service just yet and it was the only way I could seek employment. Learned my lesson gonna have to find another way then. My only lifeline and it didnt live up to my expectations as I thought it would :( hopefully it gets fixed. Edit: okay I managed to log back in but that really stressed me out.
This is a stupid app. I just signed up for the first time, and it gave me an error message saying my "account was disabled" and I "violated the terms of use" when I haven't used the app and didn't pass the sign up process. It's kind of a scam, isn't it? I wouldn't recommend this app to anyone.
I like the app overall but now for mobile the call hangs up after 3 minutes of nobody being in the call at least for me and I dislike it I want to be able to stay in the call for days even if no one is there however the other updates are alright I haven't seen anything I haven't liked but that so yeah :) (please if you can get rid of that I am on my knees BEGGING)
Great service!
My app logged me out and for some reason everytime i try to log back in, it signs me in and back out
Everything is good 👍
Good way to interact with your friends and communities, i wish it would keep you in voice chats while on mobile instead of disconnecting you while opening another app
İt don't work in the poor network condition and also after network back it does not connect automatically
I cant make a proper call even a have a high internet connection fix this
Very nice app but not the best
It's a great app, but I wish it'd notify my better when receiving a text/call.
I've had no problem with the app up to now so I gave it 5 star 🌟
Slow flow effect moje bo hoot fasand hain
I can't open any document in signal (PDF, word, ppt ...etc). I tried all PDF apps still can't open it and I don't know why? 😕 I get Errors every time I try to open Document 🙃 😒
I am from. Downloaded Signal but I don't get application code to my phone.
It keeps pushing me back-out an cannot get it to work.
I really like the app I can talk to my friends and I can screen share but I have one problem in the app and in desktop.when I'm trying to send a file it says uploaded failed try again but when I try again it's not working and I have this problem for a month and I uninstall the app but it didn't work :(
It's trying to be Whatsapp but can't
i have problem to download or upload files there
text now is a life saver you always can count on them and the service is terrific
Discord TaIlk
The first 4i
How disable member in group to change the Dissapearing message setting in group ?, only admin could do the change
I like Discord. The PC version actually functions, and I don't have many issues with it. However, the mobile app is getting worse and worse. The new UI is a dumpster fire and I hate the way it looks. My muted servers keep unmuting for no reason at all, and the app keeps lagging out and glitching. I had 3 stars at first, but I can't in good conscience give this app more than 2 starts now. Update: giving it 1 star because it started sending media from one chat to another chat. I'm mad
garbage UI update, the app is destroyed completely and utterly.
It's very useful for my personal chating ❤️
It was a very good visit on this app.
Just stopped working I can receive calls but can't make one and freezing, tried clear cache and data... still the same problem, text works fine
it works ok. connection is horrible. me and my boyfriend have perfect wifi/data and there's still a problem.
A very good app with an intention to giveaway BTC and ETH to people in exchange for the points. Five star will be given untill higher points are given per game.
Can't get verification codes without paying.
it is fun and you can do a lot on it but a lot of bugs
I love it but it took for ever to download and I had another Acc before and it was alr I love it and I can talk to ppl online who I know or zepeto or roblox by love ya
After the new update the bots are lagging very much
Texting works calling rings know one can hear ejother i know its not just my phone my tablet to
Cannot register my account on One Plus 8T, every time I input my phone number, this app will automatically kicked me out without any further action
the only thing I have to say about this app, was that I wish I could get verification codes from YouTube and stuff because my phone isn't payed.
Can't use the app unless you pay the monthly subscription fee. Thanks for nothing.
Always poor sound and call quality
Over all this is an awsome app. But i have one issue, one of my friends when they send me a screen recording when i try to watch it its black.
I have been trying to cancel this app, but nothing works. It's like chasing my tail and nothing. This app is a curse that I no longer want. It's casting me money just for sport.
Terrible update ong
Thanks again team you made a user friendly and idiot proof application 👁️
Sunshine Rosetes has hacker on account .
It is alright there are a few bugs
Ihave been using this for 2 years there is no problem I have faced
Not the named recipients.
new mobile layout is so bad
Was working great and all the  sudden, it starts glitching and doesn't send msgs...???
Cannot make outgoing calls after i paid for the monthly services nobody to talk to fix it its annoying
Works well for group updates... photos, links, etc.
There is too much adware and it corrupts the app so many times I have to close out and open just so I can write in the thread. Very annoying.
Depends on Internet signal it's pretty.
Uh go hard on me on dicords
I've used a lot of chat apps. This one has a few extra features, but missing others. It's stable and easy to use, but low on function.
what's this I hear about single no longer being usable to send msg to none single users. getting all my friends and family to use it is impossible. making single worthless.
Restore purchase option doesn't work, no contact method in app, if you want to risk flushing money down the toilet, buy anything in-app.
Phone number doesn't work for gmail reset password. Other then that it good
Good app but the new UI update is awful. Everythig that used to be one taps or swipe away is now two or three. It sounds minor but it feels so clunky despite looking smooth. It really throws off years of muscle memory for everyone. Stop trying to force this UI.
Need Online status and last seen status. Do it otherwise it's better to use whatsapp.
I'm happy with my experience with textnow i just wish sms verification was back
Interface is not so understanding
Everything Works Good. But It Still Works On The Device And It Sended Messages. This App Still Shows Notifications,SMS,Photos And Other. It Is Good And Helpful!
Wouldn't hear me after a little bit of time like as in mins my mic would be force to mute and I am unable to unmute. Creates difficulty when trying to call.
This app used to be a great default texting app for Android. Removing the ability to use the app for sms makes it no better than GroupMe or discord though. It's just another chat app now. Adding stories kinda shows that the app is going the way of social media, which is not at all what I want out of an app that was supposed to be the best default texting app for Android. Very disappointed in the direction of the app.
Top
My calls always get dropped. Half the time they cant hear me when I call.
Skype is cool app! I and my bf like it since it delivers clearer sound and video quality when we do voice/video call. But one thing I find it so puzzling is why I cannot change the ringtone of incoming call on this app? Somehow I feel bothered a bit of Skype ringtone but I can do nothing since it doesn't give me any option to choose.
I love being able to talk to people but I gave it 3 stars because I only have certain amount at words a day
Having to open the app twice before anything even BEGINS to retrieve from the server is just plain ridiculous for what was an excellent messaging app. Literally what happened with these recent updates. Stop focusing on monetizing your brand with cutesy borders & colours and start making it functional again.
My username :(
This is the best .hands down!
GroupMe is a very good app and a very much enjoy
I cannot log in when I tipped my email or my phone number and my password and it say invaild and I have reset and I tried to login and it still says my password and email is invalid I am getting angry now
I've had a good expirence in the past with this app but when I logged in and tried to send a message it would say number expired, even if I had just changed it!
A great weekend and I think I can see the
I would like to delete older messages still! These messages hold a great deal of data in my device..Happy NewYear Same feeling today...
Loved it till you stopped supporting sms. Removing it now. Please let me know if you ever enable sms in the future.
Good app calls are pretty clear phone numbers in your area code.
The swipe to reply update isn't very useful. Maybe make an option to turn it off?
You have to watch videos to talk to someone, nothing loads ever
Decent backup phone line. Poor call quality.
Ugh my contacts dont show up anymore! >=\
discord was great , before the new update.. the new update is awful on mobile , my friends complain about it and it keeps glitching , crashing , not being able to send pictures, or messages , etc... I want the old discord back..
Discord's recent UI update is, for lack of a better term, out of touch. Somehow, instead of making it easier to navigate, they made it more difficult and almost unbearable. Not everything needs its own tab to click on and scroll through; swiping from one side to reveal servers/DMs was easy and relatively simple. Also, why group the server members with the search function? These decisions ultimately complicate a chatting app which prides itself on being accessible and easy to use.
The app won't find many of my contacts.  No reason to have an app that fails to meet it's obligation
app is terrible.
Need off line use free
It keeps freezing
The new ui is total garbage
Love the easy of use
Apple imma need that info i get dat u care for your users and privacy if the account is in my name I should be able to access the email aka ICloud
Limited calling but free texting
Phone closes app after 10 or 15 seconds
Used to be great. Pointless without SMS.
Fun times and then I got a new phone and it was behind my mom and she said that I have to do the dishes for the phone 📱
New ui is very confusing
Removing SMS support and focusing on cryptocurrency BS is a horrible mistake
Great for texting only
I brought minutes, but it doesnt make sense to buy anymore. The calls barely ever go through or drop. The other person can never hear me. Everytime i try to text it looks like it goes through but when i check back a red exclamation mark pops up. If i try texting it freezes and deletes everything i wrote and i have to start over. Not expecting perfection, but would like the app to serve its purpose w/o issues EVERYDAY.
App does not work well on foldables and constantly needs to be closed and reopened to refresh the view
Great way to share messages and texts without using SMS.
I have had this app for a couple years and I love it
I would rate a zero if I could, I attempted to "verify" my number at least 5 or 6 times with no success. 0-5 stars.
The new mobile version is very buggy. The UI is far from being user-friendly. But the most painful thing is it cannot even connect when im using wifi. No, there is nothing wrong with my wifi, it works well before the new mobile version. I use Discord mobile app to chat and check if my friends is gaming, now I can't do that anymore because the new mobile version strips that away.
One's Love Evolving! Thanks
It's free, easy to use, but some services will not accept this cell phone number for text purposes. Too frequent reminders, only idle for 7 days and threats to rescind my number.
Nice app put more effort message load slowly
I don't know what happened but someone at Discord HQ decided to nuke the previously simple user interface. Any other messaging app is gonna be more friendly on the eyes and easier to use than this train wreck.
Amazing App that is easy to use and never has any problems!! Thank you GroupMe!!
I can talk to some other people
Nothing shows up after the update. My groups and messages will not show up. This is completely useless now.
For quite some time I had no issue it worked great now it won't show me messages it's very frustrating. I've sent support emails twice no response. Very disappointed.
first app that's good for my tablet and the quality is really good
It has worked fine ever since I first got it. 👍
I can not load videos to the group
You guys are pathetic i bought the number from this app and after One Hour they disabled my account without any reason I've emailed them couple of times they never respond me back yet i will say they are thieves and they'll took your money and after that you will lose your account with no genuine reason
Would be excellent if u had a feature to delete pics from   gallery n direct msgs
Perfect 👍
Great but randomly disconnects when sharing screen on mobile. Also crashes when trying to share a 3 min video.
Horrible for me, needs direction
good to have everyone's in put
I gsve this app a 1.. there is nothing lower. It will not let you do anything like make a profile or go anywhere unless you give this access you give them access to your contacts.. talk about big brother. This site needs alot of work and done right.. i would be happy to help with it but right now Oct. 8, 2022.. dont waste your time try Telegram.. i thought i would give any try.. after saying for the 20th time.. they kicked me out.. SERIOUSLY? ARE YOU THAT HARD UP FOR MY COTACTS?THIS IS A -30
Wont make calls
The app in general is great for messaging, calls and communication in general and I also love the inclusion of bots. But the user interface became horrific. Everything is way too big now and all in all it feels way too clunky while using the app
It had me sign up to other accounts. Google, email, gmail, facebook, was not user friendly. This app has too much of my information
Latest update is lame. Stories? Is signal facebook now?
zDoesn't ring it only lets me know when I have a missed call it's very aggravating
I alsays fight getting my calls n text.
Its a great app for group chats. My only problem is that a few us will randomly not get notified about chats and then we miss the whole conversation. It could be me one day and another person the next. Also I find that 50/50 my photos won't send.. it just refuses n says fail over n over. Other wise it is a great app and super great to communicate in group chats between iPhone n Android
Im really NOT HAPPY AT ALL WITH THE app.. I Honestly ONLY keep using it because My Babes in prison and i dont want to get a new app w a new phone number... so i deal with my calls Alnost Always getting dropped and not receiving most my calls just the notification of yet ANOTHER nissed CALK and a New Voicemail... You Guys Should SERIOUSLY UPDATE THIS APP AND Make it work as well as YOU GUYS ADVERTISE THAT IT DOES.......
It will end your calls and give you an ad. Every. Time. Edit: all my permissions and such are on the app "text free" works just fine calling and texting. 💁‍♀️
Love that it's not owned by Meta. Not for profit. I have donated to keep it going, so should you.
I love this app, but there's some few errors; for example everything I message it immediately makes me scroll up, or whenever I try scrolling up it kicks MT out.
while the new quality of life (new file size limit, activities available in mobile) updates are good and all, the app itself still suffers in performance and feels sluggish to use.
It could use some assist on the what to do side of introducing the app.
Way too many invasive, non closeable ads. Even when you BUY your #
Great app! Just that...... it crashes whenever i wanna send a file😭😭😭
New UI blows. Idk what's with social media apps making their UIs worse and LESS excessible in each update but hey, we have a great runner up. No audio input on certian IOS devices and the Android ones will only show streams if they want to btw. Times like these I really wish there was a Discord competitor so that they can get the rug pulled from under them and tighten up.
I have no words to describe how great this app is😝🤣😋😍🤗😘😎😲🦋
It's perfect for a second number, or a primary one when your primary number isn't on for whatever reason. Also great for a burner number when it's needed.
It is very very slow and unreliable
Buggy and slow. I know this app has great reviews. It's one of the top
It's great software, but the removal (WHY?) of SMS text message support is a huge step backward for Signal. Now, instead of managing all my messages in one convenient location, I have to juggle two apps - one for the 10% of my contacts who value privacy, and another for the remaining 90% of the world who either don't care, or who use something other than Signal. What a bone-headed move. Cutting off SMS only means that Signal users will fall back to whatever app supports the most contacts.
suck login operation
It's grand.... Makes me feel like James Bond. This message will self destruct in 5,4,3
Its been very easy to use and reconnect to.
Trash app
Remove the green stream status bar when watching on a phone.
I can't get the app to actually notify me when any messages come in.
Good but messages doesn't always go through
I got my password wrong one time and immediately it states I tried to sign in too many times
Excellent and reliable tool for extended teaching via screen sharing, without the annoying time limits in the free version of zoom.
I could not use this app it would not let me put my area code. But some of my friends have this app and say it is awesome.
it sucks
Jus bad connection
I've had the Text Free app for several years. At first, of course it was just text & it was pretty good for a free app. So, when voice calling became available I got some minutes. Its really very reasonable as far as cost of minutes & free incoming. But, call quality is awful. All of my calls quality have been so bad that we couldn't hear each other at all. Thinking it might be my connection I immediately switched over to another call+text app & had no issues with it & never have. So, I've been using Text+
It's a Ril good Discord Talk
Sometimes I'm sitting right here beside the phone and it says misscall however the phone actually NEVER RANG
It is free. You have to make too many phone per month
New update that was forced upon me works really awful and is a downgrade. I don't understand why it was needed to touch something that worked perfectly.
new app is bad. constantly freezing and stuck on screens while switching servers. takes a long time to open, then doesn't open to the correct server, losing notifications. doesn't send messages.
The UX changes are awful and make the app harder to use. Nothing in an app or site should take more than 3 taps to get anywhere. It kinda just tells me they didn't have any concurrent users testing it (WHICH THEY SHOULD BE- AS THEIR TARGET AUDIENCE) prior to pushing the changes. Yes it might be Prettier and seem better organized than before, but switching between a server and a dm was 1 swipe 1 tap before. Now its at least 5 taps.
Why signal is not work
I do believe that PAYING for a VERIFICATION CODE on a "FREE" phone plan is just not right, I think it's just retarded.
Worked good for lil bit after a while it started to slow down it barely works on my phone now it keeps showing a black screeni hate it now
This has been and probably stay my favorite 4ever
keeps freezing have to shut down phone to end call that wont go through
Better than any other massanger app. The U I is amazing 👏
The ads re ridiculous!! Try and make a phone call me the ad hangs it up like OMGGG
This isn't working!! Where's the text message?
App constantly crashes at startup for a broken useless Microsoft skype animation. I can no longer use Skype on my phone. Other family members with the same phone are having the same issue. Please fix this. It's has been over a month with this issue, latest update has not fixed it.. I have not been able to get any support from Skype through any of their support channels.
Nice aap for kids
Love this app but it is draining my battery. Fix this, please!
The automatic emoji toggle setting is not there for me. I have it off but today it just turned on and the setting isnt there anymore. Idk if with the update only nitro people have that setting or what but its really frustrating. I dont use emojis on a day to day basis i use :) and <3. Please fix this.
Alright
"no text channel" errors consistantly reappear regardless of relogging, clearing cache/user data, restarting device, reinstalling. All briefly fixes the issue before it returns. You win discord, i give up and uninstalled for good.
Oh Great App!
Mother.h.Mp u.uu.ur .7Rob 6 .fv2 2f.8U . I 8m49 Ingredients.6.8m .May.4bmhpuc.y.4
Discord is great. This mobile app needs a ton of work.
I constantly have to close and reopen the app on my Z Fold 4. I don't know what was done in the last update, but it has become nearly unusable. Switch from one server to another? Close and reopen. Switch from a server to a direct message? Close and reopen. Every once in a while it eventually does what I want it to do, but it's quicker to close and reopen the app.
So bad discord
It's ok I mean it's great to text but it's so ridiculous the amount of work you have to go through to get minutes I mean come on only getting 1 minute per video and have to download apps after awhile because it won't let you watch more than a sertin amount of videos ......is kinda stupid .
It's pretty good so far. I have it got an issue with it. I think it's a very good app
Paid to reserve number and then went to buy minutes and it changed my
👎👎👎👎very bad
Annoying pop-ups situationally holding you at ransom every time you open the app. I recommend using the browser version and not this ransomware.
Phenomenal for texting. I have only done free, on Wi-Fi but I am impressed.
I cant receive messages i clear tbe cache i clear the data sime messages i still cant receive or dont receuve
Bruh why can't I log in I created a new a account and then invalid! Why why why!!!!!!!!!!!
I really really like the fact that conversations are private.
Messages don't appear for weeks.
Can't see skype contact phone numbers or edit them if they change.   App would be more useful if I could open app and go select a contact from my phone contact list.  I will not sync my contacts for privacy reasons and because I cannot tell if I'm call their cell phone or their home phone.
I've been using Discord for years and it has not been the smoothest ride for a while. False reports leading to people instantly getting locked out of their accounts, snails pace support, and many bugs in the application causing it to be infuriating to use. I recommend possibly trying Guilded or something else. Discord is not the worst. But they don't seem to care about problems and focusing on fixing issues, instead they want to add bloat and throw things at nitro. It's about balance.
I don't like tecting ppl with thus
Can you please add arabic?
They only thing wrong with it is the calling is mess up with it
I can not make whatsapp on given numbers. In old version i made whatsapp on given number. But in new version i can not make.
Too many ads.
The new mobile app update is very frustrating and not as easy as the old ui. Role back the old ui, we are used to it. And its way better.
It has its ups and downs. You can and will hate some updates that are decided upon, but otherwise, the app is fine. My issue currently is that for some reason, Discord is stuck with an auto-rotate despite my phone being portrait locked. This is apparently a bug that Discord just hasn't bothered fixing according to some, which is disappointing. The only way to fix it is to delete and reinstall, which I'm assuming is a bandaid solution and it'll come back later.
Good, but sometimes it crashes
The old lay out was better
It's very a nice app I love 💕 it very easy and secured
Update: Why fix what isn't broken? The new UI is garbage. Where's the friends tab? Why is everything so much harder to navigate? I will NOT be renewing Discord Nitro until this gets fixed.
It's saying that my email is registered
Excellent service. No audio problems at all, conversation clear and Uninterrupted. Thank you Skype. Nothing to edit, always top notch. One year later Skype is always The Best TKS♥️ August 2021, Thank You Skype, excellent service once again
New. To this. App
Will not let me join servers, scroll properly, etc with current update. It is laggy and practically unusable. Disboard won't allow for joining of servers and its very rickety overall. Update: Runs smoother, but annoyances galore. Like friends in notifs. As well as swipe to the right replies instead of showing the right pannel where all who's online / offline is. It is very annoying and is a hassle to navigate this more than the prior update did. Upsetting really.
I haven't experienced any problems w/ it.
It perfect 10
Latest version constantly has pop-ups for setting up to receive calls and messages. Setup doesn't work, and nags constantly. Most developers usually don't nag because power users do not give every permission, all the time. Still waiting for a response to my email for support.
The new update was awful. Images don't display properly on mobile, and I can't select an image to send and then type in the same message. I also want a "classic" theme with the old color scheme that I'm used to the new theme is darker and the increased contrast hurts my eyes, and while the black theme is better I still get a small headache from the contrast.
Does not connect after selecting a number from contacts. Still does not work after granting all permissions and updating to latest version as of 2023-09-30.
Recently the channels messages don't update when you swap channel..
It's the best!!!!!!!!! Love it 😍 😍😍😍😍😍😍😀😀😀😀
Love the app. It just doesn't give me notifications 😀
Useless without SMS! The likelihood of converting everyone on your contact list is zero. Far better encryption apps out there.
Updates on Android 6 do not dowload and install takes daya. Ample storage on phone and 100mb wifi. When it used to work it was ok. Deleting old stuff more complex than needed.
It's pretty good. A lot of notifications, but good. I like the layout and how it works. It's easy to use understand.
The OG video call app. I've been using for 15 years on Windows and Android. I'll never understand why idiots use unsecured Zoom!
The most recent update is significantly worse than its old setup. It frequently gets stuck in channels and lags Horribly
I don't like it bc first you have to buy the minutes and is so stupid that you can't use those minutes if you don't have wifi. So what's the point?
This app is not detecting my front camera and I have to switch to the rear camera every time I have to get the other person to see my face. Do not know if this is a bug or what, but it'd be great if this were fixed. Otherwise, it's a good app.
Free calls
I want to love groupme when it works the way its supposed to it's amazing. However, on my phone which isn't old by any means it takes ages to open and I'm not getting notifications when I should. Not to mention problems with the gallery not updating all the time or set in the wrong orientation. It's just a real bummer.
Not free and wont refund you
hello? can u hear me now? You can, Good. =)
It's Discord. What else whould I say?
Pretty good quality
Hey guys you updated discord and make it worse why i cant login huh saying ultra rare things 😒😒why maan i really cant login in discord right now 😡😡😡
I love discord but I hate the new ui that was forced on us. The old ui was perfectly fine I don't know why it needed to be changed. Very dissapointing
I can't find my original profile I don't know what happened but I've Uninstaller this app before and my original info was always accessible now it has starting me a whole new account. I've had my groupme account since 2019. I've always been able to retrieve my account now I can't find my church group or conversations no matter what i do it just starts me over like I don't have my account. I'm very upset I missed the Zoom meeting I was supposed to attend this morning the info was on origin profil
I do not see any reason to require a phone number for that reason I no longer find use for Discord
It was working fine until just recently
I like the visual redesign but it's SO BUGGY. I regret paying for discord when the thing is so broken.
It's interesting
When I get messages and I click on the message its not there. I can only see my messages but not the person responding. Its already been updated so I don't understand why I get the message notifications but as soon as I click on it to open it the message isn't there
So far its goin well. Just need to take them annoying Ads..of course pay them n they will go away..
They really need to work on the incoming calls. I can hear them but they can't hear me it really ridiculous
I get notifications late, or not at all. Sometimes it's only when I open the app that my messages load. I'm using a 3gb ram phone and a snapdragon processor for goodness sakes! Right now, I'm only able to enjoy Skype on PC. Rectify this and I give it 5 stars
Worked great until I updated it now when I open the application it just goes to a black screen then kicks me out please fix
Lately, for some reason, when a new msg pops in a channel, the app scrolls up to the previous few messages and won't scroll down to show the newer messages. Very annoying bug. Fix it please.
I can't get notifications on wifi at house.
Don't get notification most of the time
Great!!!
From long ago it was .Good.
Works pretty well for a chat app, however the mobile version of discord has been having issues in past month, including microphone not working on calls (aux, Bluetooth and built-in), calls self-ending, and other smaller things.
Not bad but not as many users
Makes communicating with my work peeps so easy!
I encounter issues getting notifications and sending messages constantly
Wish they gave out few more mins for ergent s*** but yup....
I want a app where you can actually just make a pretend chat yourself to make both people talk without another person. ;-;
This app is more like what's app and it's awesome
Spent nearly 3 hours trying to send message or make a call and i can not get it to connect to contacts to send 1 message anywhere. I give up, uninstalled.
I love this free app to talk to new friends without giving out my actual number to strangers
For 5 minutes i tried to get a number and it kept saying none available
I hate the facts that i cannot leave certain  groups or delete message.
I kinda like the new update but it's very laggy :(
I haven't been using this app for very long so therefore I have not seen or used all the devices.
I don't know what happened to the app. But it generally won't allow you to earn any minutes to be able to make an actual call. You already have to spend 30 seconds watching ads to get a minute of talk time, and now you always get "no videos available" so you pay or you're screwed
This app is a good one for me
This app is such a fake, it is literally saying the app is free until i go in the app and it says i need to pay 10 dollars a month. Bad app👎
Pet's AP and run away from home depot Sun 😎
It was good at first but now it keeps lagging and freezing. Hopefully there is an update coming soon to fix the problems.
Textnow disabled my accounts
Trouble answering and finding msgs
YALL NEED TO FIX ALL THE RANDOM NUMBERS THAT TEXT YOU. I GOT SOME RANDOM DUDE NAMED TJ TELLING ME MERRY CHRISTMAS. I ALSO HAVE 10 MILLION OTHER PHONE # TEXTING ME AND CALLING ME!!!!! VERY UNHAPPY WOULD RATE 0 STARS IF I COULD!!!!
Useless after latest changes. No longer supports sms so it can only be used with other Signal users, so I went from being able to use Signal all the time as my primary messaging app to only being able to use it for like 3 people, so disappointing
Discord is more fun since the force verification is gone
I used to like Discord but the new layout is displeasing 😐. Still fine to use, I really like midnight mode!
I like this you can talk on this app.
Keep trying to find groups near me and it either gives me the constamt spinning circle or it doesnt find the groups. And ive had the person that started the group next to me when i searched so i feel like i had the correct info. Sorry, needs work.
Skype call button not responding. I have enough credit for making calls
Can't install
They wont let u disble blur option which is very disruptive and annoying as first of all i cant read the text of someone showing me text! Very smart not to make an option to disable it.
The new ui is so booty discord please for the love of God revert this
I thought it would be more involved than this. My aunt suggested it for our family and it's just a big ole text message we could've did that and accomplished the same task.
Hate group text!
Helpful to save me a lot of money I really like using them mom and dad likes it awesome it was easy for them controller when you get older sometimes I trying trying to use electronic devices can be difficult this number really help I like the app and so did they
App has been crashing lately. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling. I have the latest updates. I can't use it properly without having to completely close out and reopen, hoping it will bring open to where I was attempting to navigate
Forced to use it for Work
The best way to make friends! No I'm not a bot
Can't find the verify button
I have nothing to say other than I love the app
It's a great group app, but you should be able to use emojis.
Great App for communication
my camera will work sometimes but the moment i exist out to look at an app it will stop working and will turn the camera off every few seconds of it going back on please fix that so i can enjoy this app
app will block itself functionality to push to update. disgusting behaviour!
I love Skype (except its business version). It's not perfect, but what is? It's been a part of my life for over 50% of it, it's literally digital furniture.
It keeps crashing since 2-3 days. I tried clearing cache & data, reinstalled it, & restarted phone.
Awful! Calls get interrupted after 1 min of talk!
After last update having trouble sending receiving texts
Going Good
Loved it until the last update. A pop up prompts me to give persimmon to write over apps for the chat heads, every single time I send a message. I don't use chat heads nor want to give that permission because it screws with my edge gestures. Cmon guys.. don't let me down..
Lots of delays and glitches
Have installed the app since the pandemic. Unable to contact my family and friends. Whenever I try some new format is at work. I DONT understand why. New names get added to my list from whatsapp. But I cannot contact the ones I want.
Needs better phone number selection. Like why does it even ask for my area code if it's going to give me a completely random one
Easy to navigate it makes any thing easy
I love this app but when I exit the app it deletes all my new messages I sent and I don't think that's suppose to happen.
Functioned great before the newest UI update. Now it's near unusable with the high contrasted "dark theme" that's somehow worse on my eyes than the light theme Access to direct messages and servers has been changed so that I can no longer see specific server notifications while reading DMs while also requiring extra steps to even access either I really wouldn't care if I could just revert to the old layout, but no. They really want the mobile client to be worse to use than the desktop client
Love Discord, but the new Android update is borked. Please fix it.
From my experience I DO NOT like it I had down loaded it on my tablet so I could get codes sent to it and it wanting me to pay for it. It use to be so good but I don't like it no more
The layout change introduced today is clunky and makes the use of the app more difficult. Discord is not listening to it's users and just keeps on trying to force unfavorable changes to users.
I used to be able to send videos. I mean yeah the options still there. But now no matter HOW short I cut them they just dont send. I used to be able to send them in 5 min segments. Then it was cut to 2Min 30Sec segments. Now it doesn't matter if its just a couple frames I cant send a video period. And before you ask. YES I CHECKED MY INTERNET CONNECTION. I have 4g LTE 3-4 bars CONSTANTLY. Thats very good and solid yet I cant send a 30 second clip over it? neither can my boyfriend on WIFI.
Great free service
Its ok but from time to time cuts off calls and you'll have to recall the person you were talking to
New update sucks so bad and is buggy
Extremely frustrating; whenever I connect to my wifi the call drops. I read on microsoft forums that skype not working when connected to wifi is a reocurring issue. Disappointed that problem is still not fixed.
This app is really good at draining your battery if I use for long periods of time I have to keep it plugged in and it still drains.
Right after creating an account it was disabled for violating terms of use. How could I violate anything within an instant of the account's creation?
Hello, with your last update there are some issue mainly with the new feature of redirecting sound when a headset being connected and by which if your earphone get disconnected and you are in call it will automatically end the phone call which is really annoying, and for the rotation of screen too there are some issue, kindly revert back the proper settings for a good user experience thank you very much
5 Stars could have been given because Textnow, for Canadian phone number holders, offer free calls to many countries eg USA, UK, etc. There are good looking numbers and although there's a lot of spam calling called by another VoIP number etc, benefits of having a textnow member outweigh costs. ! One star removed for: they unplugged my number to someone else. ! One star removed for: now their pricing model makes no sense and it does not match their mission statement. It's laughable
you guys shojld definileyty keep the new update and not being the back one up this one is definitely great very good it performs great and is definitely not slower than the previous one great job dis ord
Terrible new UI, this update makes discord way harder to use than it needed to be. Absolutely hate it. Makes me not want to use it on mobile anymore even just to respond to my friends.
Used to be great, used it for all my encrypted and sms communications. With the removal of sms, it lost half of its usefulness. With the inability for it to successfully export my sms messages to be used in a standard sms program, it lost the remainder of its usefulness. Yes, it has an export feature. No, it never manages to get past 5000 messages before crashing.
I canceled my subscription but they charged me anyway
This app seems to get worse with every update. My boyfriend got the new layout update and it is absolutely impossible to navigate and is a nightmare to use. This app no longer feels like discord. I'm incredibly disappointed with how hard this app is getting to use. It used to work flawlessly before they started the almost constant updates. I used to love this app but it's so hard to continue loving it when everything is a struggle.
Great too keep up with our island friends
Not perfect, but works great for texting over wifi. I wasn't sure about giving my son his own phone and this was a good starting point to see how he would do.
very nice and good news Helpful 👍
new update busted file sharing. neither images or videos can send. already made sure the app was up to date, killed the task, reinstalled, etc.
UI design much improved, almost back to where it was before Microsoft took over. :-) Chat and group chat work well, live the group chats that get synced across devices and participants. Now bring on TEAMS integration.
This app is horrible. Convenient yes, but the texts are received 30 min after sending and my contacts get them as picture messages!  FIX THIS, PLEASE!
Wont let ne send lictures or videos its really irritating please fix it if you can
This app sucks when i open the app it takes so long just to open it and also my mom said she called me and i did not get a call and also when i text the app just freezes and stops and it takes so long to send a dang text so the creators of this app fix this app please
My expirience was OK
just 1 think about it's this app messing with you Google account and some how makes it on the 2 step verification code and you end up loosing your Google account?! some one can explain me am wrong with that WHY every time have to put attention on what consequences or experience on knowledge experience both same words different significance controversy some good brings you bad some bad brings you good keep that for real
Great picture quality Usually reliable
Refuses to let me cancel my subscription! All I want to do is cancel my subscription but it's not showing up anywhere but is still taking money out of my account!!
The new update ruined not only how Discord looks but how it functions, too. Absolute disappointment that makes your life harder on mobile.
Didn't receive the free 10 mins
It won't stop running in the background at random. I have to go force it to stop otherwise a logo is at the top of my screen.
Every notification is good going
What was once a 5 star rating is going to have to be knocked down to 2. Would be 1 if it weren't for the case that this still does give me mobile access to my servers that I mainly use pc for, but the new ui changes are completely unintuitive and it feels like I have to reach across my screen to access functions that I use most when I used to be able to swipe to see who is online.
Textfree is GARBAGE!! ADS DROP PHONE CALLS!!
It's buggy with calls and can be pretty aggravating.
the best hands down
Very good app, I can chat with my friends!
Spotty at best. Can't call any phone number that doesn't have the same area code as my TextNow number (LAME). Don't get my messages on time very often (also LAME). Now it's showing chat heads and a notification about recent msgs but when I open the app and refresh the new texts aren't there. SUPER LAME!!! Also numerous other glitchy tendencies. Never thought I'd actually find a messaging app worse than FB Messenger but TextNow has significantly lowered the bar.
They keep on taking my number away
Your #shouldn't be used without your permission
Its okay, works pretty decent. Save your skin and bettern n
There is no longer a Show Message option for blocked users. Since I mostly use blocking as a distancing mechanism, not erasure, this is a huge degradation.
Can't get notifications even though it is set up to receive notifications.
This is not feeling very private - everytime someone gets signal there is a broadcast that you are on the app - people who you night not have talked to in over 10 years but might still be in your phone book... And now with all of the spamming us, and Blocking is difficult - and Why can't we REPORT?
Iss minee dhaa onlyy onee dhatt aintt worknn.?
Discord i am a kid so discord login is not good for ma please remove login please
Pretty good but reporting does nothing
Been very helpful especially w no income but u should be able to dial 911 for help.....it wouldn't let me....had to hav a friend call for squad on her phone
Textnow is trash I downloaded it and it won't connect to my emails
A good app we can talk to anyone!!
Hate the forced update. The new layout sucks.
unable to install updates, I can't download them but comes with an error when installing
It worked very well before the update, now it lags, wont receive messages, always has to be refreshed, and is very frustrating to work with!!! Please come put with a new update to fix this!!! Or go back to the old update!! Fix please and ill rate higher!
crashes upon opening.
needs credit to make calls and cannot call certain numbers
Been Having a bug I can't switch my profile pic and banner, the app is so buggy when in VC. I'm on Already on Mobile so it's laggy, I hope you can fix this because it's like My nitro was wasted since I couldn't customize my Profile and Banner :(
You cant change your number on your own, and even if you keep begging them to do it, they dont respond
Makes you pay for viewing verification codes
WE WANT CLYDE BACK🙄
Somehow, when I long press a message. Menu not showing, just horizontal line.
it's great when working correctly and when the device it's used on is working correctly other wise great app
This makes calls and texts but is still scammy. If you use this app they manipulate the sensors on the top portion of your device while in a call making it impossible to touch certain areas of your screen.
I really like Skype but I think they should work on making the voice more clear and there needs to be no noise in the background.
I like this app because its easy to use
I'm having trouble recieving texts the right way.I can get my calls to ring but I do not get a sound notification for when I am receiving texts even though I have my sound and ringtone up. I made the app my default app but that didn't do anything. I was getting sound about a week ago but not anymore. Please fix the issue.
Only work when you have Wi-Fi a lot of ads
Superb app evrything is good .. I am very happy with this app. But aome times it is difficult to re install.
Bipolar, confused lacking patience and understanding of others inconsiderate, judgemental it's kinda like being institutionalized and some of us have been not All There are 🚫 no Bosses in Oxford house inc. Feelings Are Not 🚫 Fact's Emotional distress and conflicts are normal in life treating people like one person is better than another is not 🚫 acceptable behavior...No one is Perfect 😞
Was a great app till some fool decided to remove SMS support 🙄
A terrible update has drastically reduced the app's usability and information availability.
Glitches man
Great.
Good app and very easy to chat with people like WhatsApp and I really love it but the only thing is hate is keep bringing verification and asking "are you a robot" but it's really good best app call signal
This app made my phone very laggy, unbearable so that's why 2 stars
Great way to ruin a near-perfect app. The update is and remains trash, only now we remain stuck with it. Additional features continue backwards progression, like image handling. At this rate, it will probably create an opening for competitors, which will be a shame, as this has been our go-to for mp gaming and more for years. But it is quickly approaching dysfunctional.
On recent update, huge skype logo appears when viewing picture
It's a great app One of my favorites but I sign up it worked for about 2 day it kicked me off I tried to log back in but it didn't work😤 I tried everything but it didn't work I tried for 2 week's so if u fixed it I'll give you more Stars oh yeah it said something went wrong try again later so next day I try again it says the same thing 2 week's later I'm writing this PIS FIX IT 😭😭😭
The recent update has made it way too slow and laggy and it's harder to find specific messages in servers too
It was something I didn't like at first. But it has so much accessibility and let's chatting be so much more enjoyable among friends.
Very Convenient to use. Personal Data is kept private.
Love it. Just as good as WhatsApp. Just missing some features on the desktop app, like support for animated gifs.
trash new UI, turn back to old UI please
New Mobile update is terrible, been using discord near daily since release on pc and my default messaging program for almost that entire time... Currently searching for a new one after this update. Make the new terribad calls(I don't need to be 50% of the screen, what vain idiot thought that was a good idea), UI navigation an option I can toggle back to classic and I'll rerate to the 5 stars discord used to be. Update: calls keep crashing and the screen goes black when putting a call on speaker
Very much for your emotions and uid send me the link of the best for your emotions and uid send me the link of the best for your emotions and uid send me the link of the best for your emotions 🙏 hai na ki hai 🤣 hai na 😀 hi I am requesting you to you to you to you too Bhai hai na 😀 ok thanks a wow that t shirts to try and last name and uid send
i love it so much and i can see my kids
Kind of buggy on Android, which is strange because it works great on Linux.
Just didnt work very well for me
Works great !!
The credit international call is not working after the update..it gets stop in between and cannot hear anything..very poor...
This app is great for communication, but new UI isn't user freindly (for old user). This app should maintain designs for each platform.
The new UI is harder to navigate and all around bad.
Great improvements!! Keep it coming!
I like this app but when your typing a ads come in and one day I want to Prank on my dad when I send the pictures of my friends I try to delete it but when I check on my dad's phone I didn't delete it
I've been using this app for more than a year or two it was great. But somehow until now with the recent update and so has created a lot of bugs. like I'm not able to receive messages on my phone anymore. But I'm able to send out.
Though TextNow (TN) does provide much needed free cell phone service, the app and service can be problematic. I can't complete calls to a certain carrier, for example, and before the SIM upgrade, I got very poor service here in the Bronx, NY. BUT, MORE ANNOYING is having to use the TN app to text or call - when no other carrier requires that! Requiring we use the TN app means we can't fully utilize our COSTLY phones' settings, etc. AND ALL my calls show AFTER the caller has hung up...!
very good connection most of the time and wide reach... but very expensive, thats why i download other free apps like Imo, watsapp etc but skype has better connection than all those, though i use it only when those networks are bad ...because its very expensive to use Skype to mobile or landline. thanks
In haven't had one yet
Loving Signal! I can finally send messages with videos and so far no glitches sending photos.
Me and all my coworkers use this to talk about everything going on at work and if other stores need help everyone can see and talk to each other... actually this app is pretty great for that !!!
You can't video call someone overseas. But audio seems working fine. Video calls only work when calling locally. But using it to video call someone overseas doesn't work.
New UI change makes the app basically unusable. Discord is also ignoring all critique about this change.
Was the best messaging app for Android. I had top tier e2e with my privacy conscious friends and SMS functionality for everyone else. I spent years promoting this app to android users because it could act as the default messaging app. Now just about everyone I've convinced to use the app left once they announced removing SMS functionality. I can't be bothered to use two messaging apps on my phone, so I guess it's back to big brother. Way to ruin a great thing 🤦🏻‍♂️
When talking to an operator the dial pad doesn't work
It's slowly going down the same route as Skype
It won't allow me to join certain servers, and says “user has been banned from this guild” even though my account, and my other accounts have never been banned from those servers.
Needs way less crashes. It also needs voice & voicemail. Don't let apple beat you out. Step it up.
Works for me not like whatsup and Facebook video calls
works about half the time...good for when you have no phone plan but access to wifi
It don't pop up like I got it installed
I am on mobile and when you try to move roles around sometimes when you press confirm it will move roles around randomly in a order that is incorrect. For example. Director Assistant Director ----------------- Internal Affairs Sometimes it says Assistant Director Internal Affairs ----------------- Director
Need phone number
I think It is nice app but nitro is bad everyone give nitro thanks
Sent a text message to without me knowing to a person I was texting back to back staying "to stop pinger messages"
Discord is good app
Adware it installed ad games on my phone
Pics take forever to load, everything else is great.
I really like the app but the recent update regarding sharing the acc to anyone who has your contacts is really awful. It was such a bad decision. Please reconsider the update.
Very helpful for connecting several people at once. For instance we use the app for our kiddos baseball team.
Setting up the messenger is very irritating... Keeps on asking for number verification followed by the check up. Amd then says 'too many attempts, please try later'.. Pathetic
God bless you, today I lost my best friend Groupme. Can you please help me to find my group I can't talk to them please help me I do recommend groupme to everyone.my friends is talking to me but I cant talk back.
This is the best site for talking to people.
Have used this app in the past on a different phone and loved it. However, on my new phone the galaxy S3 I can't get it to work at all. Just continuously flashes from the sign in screen to a white screen. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling with the same results. Please fix it.
I'm new to this app but it works well for me in my limited experience.
Easy to keep teams communicating and up to date b on quarterly project tasks.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it. It looks awful & is quite confusing to use now. Yet another example of regressiveness in the name of "progress". Also very hard to delete multiple chats & had a bunch of chats appear that i deleted months ago, & it took a while to delete them. Skype, you had a winning formula in '14. Shoulda debugged instead. Let's go back to that
It won't let me paste links into the text bar it used to but after the last update won't anymore
This app was slow and constantly froze on me. Did not like it.
There is no QR for linking the device
me send n receive messages from other numbers just not from any other apps.
love this textnow
Good experience just wish that when u first get discord it would have a mini tutorial for people who are knew.
Features are inconsistent between iOS and Android. They clearly prioritize iOS and let the Android version just sit there. Impossible to add new friends to a group from Android. Basic functionality that they can't figure out.
The app is good, but call either ends unexpectedly or we keep interrupting
Skype video is killing my phone battery, even when charging. Whatsapp video doesn't have that problem.
it's nice
Too many spam texts uninstalled
My third party keyboard no longer works. I can't hold the microphone icon to do voice to text every time I hit the button it crashes to the keyboard. I use Microsoft swift keyboard. It was much better before Microsoft got a hold of it that made it worse. Is there any updates you can do to fix this issue or is there any way to fix this issue. The only way I've been able to fix it is uninstall Discord and reinstall Discord again for it to happen in just a few days and I have to do it again...
It never notifies me when I receive a message so I miss out on important conversations with my colleagues.
Can not make any calls.
Always accurate
I used to like this app . But now I can't make calls and my messages aren't sending now. I Uninstalled and reinstalled and still nothing
Like it better than you tube
Awful interface this sheet looks like fkn messenger
Plz easy to create account skyp account like OTP system. Microsoft account system is very complicated.
Its saying that I have zero network when I'm on my data plan & wifi. This is crazy. This new update sucks.
It's a little Spamie. Went into my contacts and told me who else in my contacts used the app. Made me feel violated.
Works ok. Sometimes when receiving a call it doesn't ring. Huawei p10 lite android 8.0.0
Ok it no longer says you have to have a credit card but now none of the numbers it gives me to use are available 😮‍💨
I like this app. But needs to send photos better
Good to texting and calling
I got a Sim card from TextNow followed the directions was told after it activates itself I can make calls without wifi. Well just to let you know TextNow I can't make calls or texts without wifi
Have a lot of dropped calls and alot of choppy ones too
Got banned Plus monthly pay
Not being negative but I have gotten next to no notifications on this app. Dag-nab-bit
Missed calls no notifications
While I understand where the company is coming from, removing the SMS support will not end well. I believe that Signal has overestimated their reach as a lot of people are using Signal for the unified SMS platform and there will be droves of people leaving when the support ends. It will be nigh impossible to convince others to use this app without the built-in SMS support.
Two-factor authorization that can't be removed or verified through other means.
Skype app search function used to show the list of common groups for given 2-3 people names, it is not working after the latest update
i like the privacy
Was good until they decided to make it signal users only. It was my primary messaging app until then. I can no longer communicate with people who do not have signal, which is necessary. I'm not going to invite my boss to signal and demand her to have it since the app only allows signal to signal users instead of signal to some other sms app. Uninstalling due to this "new feature." Disappointed.
Just simply put, horrible!
No notification of message and poor UI
I don't like this new UI and i don't have the option to turn it off, and my server list doesn't hide anymore pls fix this
Ok way to communicate with a large group, but doesn't add much beyond using a large text group. Would like to be able to delete messages and discussions rather than simply hiding them. Also, when someone posted a poll to the group, it broke the discussion for me as it kept trying to download the poll over and over again and I couldn't get or delete the message.
inexcusable. Group names do not change, likes on messages are missing, and
when you do find it, the camera just decides to stop working. Please give
Power hungry, forced to uninstall it after each event where we use it.
Happy that I got on
it keeoa going to slow and keep freezing in the middle of the conversation
This app is so useful on the lockdown I am so happy
It wouldn't let me download it
Since when did you have to pay for this app?!?! I used to have it for free??!
It's a good app. Just makes your phone really slow and laggy at times and it sucks that you have to watch videos to get 1-2 minutes at a time instead of it just being unlimited calling minutes since its a free call and text app.
New update is terrible.
Awesome app at first... Now they are dropping SMS support for Android
Great app to many ads
I have not been successful in calling anyone
Awesome FREE calling and text app. Always satisfied with the quality, have never experienced any issues with TextNow. Highly recommend, rather than paying a monthly bill or having to bother with purchasing phone cards! Or use as a second phone number for business or pleasure! FULL 5 STARS! Rating for quality, convenience and reliability!
It used to be great. Prices change. It loses calls
It's freaking TextNow. The original is still THE BEST. AND IT'S FREE! C'MON, PEEPS! THIS IS THE ONE!!
Giving a 3 star Can't pin more than 3 messages. Can't schedule messages in the future. And I'm getting ads to invite people to this messy messaging app. I don't mind restarting over, not uploading my past texts but cannot stand... Not having these little features. Please fix and I'll re-review.
Nice g!
Great app to chat
This app is so slow and laggy even if you have great wifi. Do not waste your time on this app, unless you text slow then it *might* be able to keep up with you.
only the Text is functional, but you can't make calls or receive incoming calls. Both my cell phone and the app are at the most updated versions.
my discord always crash
always lagging, freezing up when I try to use it. rarely updates my messages and recent/missed calls. Nice handy app though.
The new app UI is abysmal and very unintuitive. Edit: It shouldn't need a guide to navigate. It should be evident from using the app.
This app moves slow. Most of the time it doesn't show my notifications and it didnt import all my messages when it should have. It takes forever to load . It would be great without all these issues !
Ant download and use it
So far.. It is okay, however. I am me, please give me a referral code so i can try it without a card... I am having issues with my bank account.
This is a nuisance espcially when I want use signal.
No call history! Laggy, unintuitive UI... Unbelievable that Microsoft has managed to destroy what used to be a fairly useful app... Bye-bye Skype!
The service has improved. Calls are clear. Texts come through and video call works. Sadly paying for the upgrade is useless if your phone doesn't already have service. I was hoping to use even when I'm away from wifi. But that is not the case. Up side, it IS FREE as long as you have WiFi or data, you will have a way to stay connected.
It's not the best uta ok
uh. Aside from allowing u to call n text even if u don't got a phone plan. It seems like it doesn't use new ones. In the sense that ull see people msging "u" thinking u were the same guy as the person who used that phone #... Makes for a good read ha.
with the last update gif's no longer function and the typing indicator no longer works
Not suitable when using the app mobile version on floating mode while playing. Long press menu are not working. Hoping you can fix this.
Works pretty fine I haven't had any seriously troublesome problems only pretty small ones like videos not sending besides that its pretty good.
It is a very nice app but I think the nitro stickers should be free though
It's a great app
still waiting for that audio player
Great app. Easy to use.
I have kept vibration mode on but still there's no vibration while I receive the message
Gutted I can no longer use as my message app 😞 Google must be rubbing their hands together with glee 😠
Its dum don't get it. U need data. I hated it
I can't delete messages at all!!!!! A lot of times the app will not connect to make a call so I have to end call exit app clear it and try again because the phone icon will disappear. Plz fix issues
I like skype and I use this to call my friends and stuff but for some reason whenever I'm on a call or an app it kicks me out for some reason
the last few days the mobile app has been a nightmare. not sure what is going on, but a patch would be nice.
Discord is amazing for hanging out with friends and also making friends in general! I've seen many people complain about the new update but honestly, I think it's alright and it looks more modern.
Can't here when calling out
I used this app when I didn't have a phone, and I came back to use it really quickly. Only to learn, you have to pay just to receive a verification code. Money hungry apps always lose my interest quickly, I will never use this service again. It’s ridiculous to want a subscription for that.
I'm tired of the "unlimited" data being limited. I'm done paying $5 a day just for it to be reduced dramatically. I'm not paying for data until it's fixed, and it's rather ridiculous.
Fix the damn app.....it's extremely laggy and it keeps freezing. 0/10
My number was expired because I haven't used it for 30 days. I'm not sure what's the deal but I'm not happy with this.
Very easy to use and communicate with my work family and share thoughts and ideas
people decide which Skype design they want, and keep the mechanism like the
I just wanna use gifs 😭 can we please fix the bug that shows a still frame instead of the full animated gif?
Pretty cool. Serves its purpose if you don't count that there are a lot of scam calls, also the sim card (which is free btw so I didn't expect much), sometimes doesn't work off of wifi. Other than that it's a pretty cool app and getting a free phone number is great. 4/5 stars for now.
getting problem ,always showing an error has occured .
For some reason my discord on my phone bugged out after I updated it and all of my discord servers have no text channels anymore
Good chat app innit
Experience been good so far. I text mostly and I havent had any problem.
Haven't received any texts in a month. They get mine and they text back but I do not receive them
It is really inconvenient that you cannot delete your Skype account without deleting your Hotmail account.
This app makes a horrible screeching noise any time you try to use the calling feature.
Since new update, not getting notifications. Missed a changed practice time because of it.
Bought premium payment went through still no premium won't let me get verification codes. Would rate 0 if I could
Can you please change the mobile format back to what it was before. It worked perfectly fine and it was good. It feels like you fixed a none existent problem with that one.
Little bit batter now
no free nitro for me or vansih 😡
not too good useless
No longer gives me an option to sign on with my phone number, so I've lost all my groups and contacts.
Great way to communicate with coaches and parents.
Stop making terrible changes to the UI
So many permissions,but is ok
Mast app h
Superb platform.
Ads. Ads. Ads. Pop ups all day long.
It cuts in and out
I don't know what happen it was working fine now it's freezing and not allowing me to respond to post. I've uninstalled it twice...help please
You are appreciated for an excellent app. Ty
it was the only app that let me use it as a cell phone even though a SIM card is not in it
The new update takes too long to load, fix it please
Is this work in soudi arabia without vpn
I literally just downloaded Signal to replace Google's Messages app only to find out that they are dropping SMS support. Oh well, at least I'm not an established user...
Discord worked fine until the last few updates , since then it's started to freeze on a high end phone like s23 ultra
Very bad this is scam
Hey i just put my full name and Number why it's not working this Thing needs to be fixed I'm puting it a 1 Star
Tells me everyone i try to call is disconnected but its not because i can reach the same number on a different phone, app is a lie made to look like a calling app.
Frustrating to try to upgrade when my current version no longer supported, and I have tried to upgrade for DAYS and now have lost all access to old version. I want to upgrade badly, but you don't let me
For emergency, on-line Wi-Fi calls
Can't get past the choosing your number. It asks for my area code I want.... I leave it at the one that there's.... And tap continue..... It looks like it's laoding then nothing. Useless app. Uninstalling.
Can't download across all playstores
Updates suck, you changed the emoji reply by bringing up the message and fading out the background. Can you just leave the emoji reply the way it was.
Ok good to have to call or text on
Why it not working on wathsapp please help me out i want to use it and verify my wathsapp business
I do like this app it has a couple of bugs sometimes but other than that it's good
Numbers do not work for google/tinder or other apps
I would really love to register/sign up but when ever I try to register when I finish everything and hit create every stupid time it says oops found a ultra rare error if someone could tell me how I fix this that would be great but for now this app deserves a 1 star. Thank you. Ps please fix this because I am trying to chat with my friends.
No additional features 😒
I've used the app for a few months now. No issues so far.
Removing SMS support is a stupid idea, you think I can convince my doctors, dentist, bank etc to use Signal? Very short sighted decision from the devs!
This used to be good, but then they removed the SMS option for no good reason.
The new layout is so bad this was my favourite app to chat but the new layout is making me hate it. Just please make an opinion to change back to old layout.
Good but we can't have codes 😕
The UI change was not only unnecessary it's worse to use. I've been using discord for years pc and mobile, this is unacceptable and a blatant failure that discord has refused to even acknowledge. If they really care about users feedback then this change will be reversed. But let's be honest they only care about money, so unsubscribe form nitro show them we won't stand for this blatant backhand.
Haven't been contacted by the Feds for my free speech yet
MAJOR downgrade. Not only is the new layout ugly, my god is it hard to navigate, clunky, constantly breaks, resends messages a number of times, images don't work half the time, swiping to see the server list.... just everything about the new update is horrible. The app itself is great for communication and games, but now it's a chore. I've gotten used to it, but that doesn't mean it's any less annoying. Praying for the old discord back. 🙏
The new update is wonderful but something thats been bugging me is the channels and categories I can't seen to figure out how to delete or edit the name and it really annoys me if someone could tell me or do smth about it that would be amazing but overall this update is wonderful!!!
contact permission required because I without it I wont see who's calling or texting me? really? that's the best excuse you can come up with for selling my information? that response makes no sense. if that's the case you wont be stating its "required". people who arent good with technology will think they have to give permission to use the app. nice wording.
Dear Text Free, Please stop reassigning phone numbers. It's not fair to the people who actually use the app.
Good as per requre and safety of data is important.
Two fOr now
Still harrassing people
It works as advertised
Great app but it gets obsolete most often.
DO NOT UPDATE!!!!! If you did, uninstall current Discord, go get the downgraded version from Apk Mirror. 203.10 Stable is the version that I have that gives the old layout back. HORRIBLE UPDATE.
I'm loving this one
Just gets worse and worse with each update
Logs out after creating account
It was good but now it won't let me login
Too many ads and can't get verification codes without paying. Edit: the app responded so the ads don't bother me too much it's mostly just the paying required for verification codes for the other apps I understand that the ads are required so they can make some money though.
My experience is horrible I send a message and it never goes out or takes forever to go out
It sucks. I dont get the msgs, it freezes my phone, i never get the msgs.. it completely blows.
Just downloaded the app and it crashed multiple times, it will not allow you to change tabs or select other features.
All video to very clear Talk to very nice
works best for me👍
It's good app but I don't know why they keep suspended my number it that's my only problem
Seems like it hasn't changed much since i switched to pinger. I see from reviews that pictures still have the link you must go to. Its a nice app. But not doing what you say it should. Now from 5 stars to 2. Please fix and get 5 stars plus recommendation.
It takes way to much space
Horrible text messages never update, phone calls just dropped, all in all one of the worst texting apps I've ever used
Doesn't notify me when I have messages can I go back to the way it was before this update?!?!
I can't create textfree account,why?
good app. let's you call and text for free via the internet.
Man I can't even do the security code thing I swear fix this thing it already is exesting the code is I can't damn use it I'll give it five stars if ONLY YOU GUYS FIX THAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Add option to delete posts...
I like this new update!
Need help. The app simple cannot to the net. Everything else on the mobile connects but this one single app!....! Can you help
Wonderful, ease of use and great quality video calls
Pretty good but I want to report the offical blox fruits trading server for being homophobic and racist going as far as to call me the F and N word then ban me for being upset...
Please, Check app stability and make the polls in the chat (channels)
This app was great but now is sucks, one group I am in has over 200 people in it however the app is showing 0, I can't direct message anyone nor do I get the notification. I uninstalled, logged out, nothing has worked. I even emailed tech support but they never emailed me back. The desktop version work fine but I just want the app to work again.
Why is it thay Nigeria number cannot sing up the app ?
I can't seem to register, after verifying the captcha goes back to asking me to edit my phone number. It's crazy
The new layout is okay but i want the old one back, we should have an option where we can switch to the old one if we want to. The new layout is Too much.
Quality ?
It's Free
I like the app but now I can't sign in changed the password and I still can sign in on my phone or tablet so something I wrong pls help
2 stars for this app. mainly for being free.. I used it for about a year with no issue.. and out of nowhere I began to get a thousand or more per week nuisance callers and or scammers and various texts asking for personal info, and nothing can be done but changing #s ? And of course the app support denies selling info right? Who else? And I paid for zero ads and of course I still saw ads? I don't suggest using it for your only means of communication
New UI update is awful, strictly worse and less intuitive than what was live for years. Please revert
I'll be honest I use 2 phones with this app and both are annoying. 1, the app doesn't show people's status and it disconnects as soon as I leave the app. 2, I can't even call on. It won't connect no mater what WiFi I'm on. It could just be a bug with the phone so I am letting it go but the other thing is the mere amount of useless updates they add. I miss the old discord. Plus there is a glitch on the first phone where I can't send more than one image.
App keeps rejecting signups, needs an upgrade.
Nice app efficient for chatting and other things but the app keeps glitching when I'm using it. It's very frustrating 😣 eg messages sent do not reach the third party on time and it makes my phone problematic. Please look into this.
It's awesome except that it won't change ringtones and notification tones. It gives me the option but after I select the ringtone it doesn't change. The default is difficult to hear. :(
It's secure to us
I've used this app off and on cause that's just what I tend to do. I love this app as much as I hate it. I love that it's free but I wish that SMS was there for no cost. Idk if they have it with money but I'm a minor and sadly don't have money. But besides that I love and live for this app.
drops calls a lot but it's better than nothing
the only good thing about signal is that it's secure.. Everything else feels like an old abandoned place..
slow...not clear voice
I don't get any kind of notification that I have a text or getting a phone call I have to go into the app click on the person whom I was talking to and hope the text pop's up! I missed a very important phone call from my husband the other day telling me he was in the hospital thank God our neighbors were home to come tell me please fix this and I'll raise it to 5 star's I'm re-installing it again to see if that helps the problem but I doubt it will because I've done that several times to no avail!
Enjoying the app but annoying problem. After a call or text is sent now, the screen freezes and has to be forced stop to turn the app of properly. Please look into this issue so I can enjoy your app again.
fix your file message situation i catn edit my messages attached to a file without having a link pop up replacing it and my older files cannot load anymore as well please fix this
It was hard working but I found the right direction and my whole team of the good alongside the realtor for getting back safe true love is never blind get me my birthday family trust love ones that only paying attention to stick by
I love this app is very good and strong
The worst application ever
Loosing everything when transferring to a new phone is not great. Using the camera within the app is challenging since it most often will only work in the vertical position.👎
Lately I've been messaging and my chat doesn't update. I have to restart the app for it to update.
Trying to accept a group invite and I get the error unable to load conversation. Fix this.!!!
my pics wont upload
Reliable and reassuring
It's a good app apart from the new update, the new style is awfully confusing and made me not want to use the app in general.
Not bad, but missing key features like multi vote for groups, and custom key encryption This is very important to manage group decisions, so not interested until such features exist
Account keeps on getting blocked. Very difficult to get assistance.
it's great
Does not look private to me if you have to give up your phone number and contact list. Cannot continue using it without phone number.
Has been choppy lately and drops calls..plus delayed speaking on other end .it used to be perfect..maybe there is a new problem ..
I think that the phone calls should be free
When doing the Lil side jobs to get free coins it never work 🤔but the videos are okay
My issue is that when i make an account then want to log in from another device it won't let me in
just bad would not recomend
Stories? Seriously?
AMOLED option is dead after this latest update! No more AMOLED option? Update: They tried to remind us that the amoled option is experimental but it's ironic how this experimental feature was stable for many years and suddenly, as they're introducing new theme options, it breaks. Huh.
Greatest messaging app. Would recommend.
i've been harsh with my last review. the new design is nice. it feels much more like a mobile app than a port of the desktop version. (post the ✨ emoji and tap it then hold it again) i found out how to copy tenor links, so thats a plus. the new design does feel much slower, as it is harder for me to get to folders and such. Edit: had to lower my rating to 3 stars because i cant access servers in folders, but the updated layout feels faster now.
Since this new redesign, Skype often locks up or takes an entire day to send a pic (even with good internet) which really sucks. It looks better though so fix the connection and locking issue for a 5 star review
where I am NOT receiving a notification text when someone has texted me I have to click the up to see when I've gotten a text. and not only that once I could see app it takes quite a while to get to the app I would really appreciate it if you guys would fix these bugs.
When in a rush open the app, then the app forced user to update first. Very annoying.
Love to talk to my husband
Would have given 5 star if Bluetooth would work
This was a great app until the notification text stopped appearing on my phone . I have to check my Gmail to see if a get a text and when I open the app the notification appears. Please fix this!
Very nice app, connects people. I found a lot of rational, tactically smart and teamworking guys and girls in gaming... Thanks a lot for this app!
NoThis is good app but after you open it after 1 1/2 months the app logout automatically and if you try to login it tells this email has not signed up before, but I use it's desktop version every day. So this only makes the app worst, the app has this bug from before, I somehow managed to login 2 times but, also when I formated the phone buy this bug continues.If the developers give little focus on this mobile version also, it can beat WhatsApp also but it will need 100s of update for that.thank
It's NOT FREE AT ALL it's $10 subscription, don't let them fool you. DON'T DOWNLOAD!!
New UI interface looks and feels horrible. Pictures and embeds do not open properly.
I have been try to Sign in to this App since almost 2 month now...what is really going in with this app
Hello, I have a complaint. So basically I dont have a number and so decided to download this app because the app already gave us numbers. I wanted to use the number for my facebook account, I typed down the right numbers and waited for the code, I didnt get any code. I thought maybe it was just taking a long time so I waited around 10 minutes and nothing popped up. So I did it again and as I expected nothing happened, I didnt get the code. Is it just me?
It use to be a decent service now I'm missing text messages and the phone isn't ringing anymore when calls come through.
Ok app but need it to be more less expensive for ppl to get and use.
Horrible Ui. Stop changing things that don't need changing and revert back to the old Ui or at the very least allow us to change back instead of saying screw you and forcing it on us like some soulless corporation in a passive aggressive article.
Mostly fine, has some issues. I lost access to a whole year of messages when I got a new phone because when I installed the app and loaded in my backup, it turned out that I couldn't see texts to my partner. Our safety numbers didn't match up. And even though she's a tech genius and tried for over an hour, the only thing to fix it was to reinstall and not load my backup.
This is very bad app screen colour black black I hate this app 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
App uses too much data storage
why my pp hard
This is a stupid app. It's changed. Now you can't send direct messages anymore. It says the other person has to add you as a contact. So I have to post the link in the group chat first I guess? It didn't used to be this way. Useless now
Seems good. Video calls are clear.
I've been using this app for a cpl years now. For some reason, in the past few months, I haven't been able to copy/paste, and I cannot see any videos sent to me - they won't load. Also, some of the pics and gifs won't load. I'd love to give this app 5 stars, but only if that is fixed. Please help😞
couldn't find selective reply for pics sent in batch
Well I love it because you can bring phone numbers over to it and talk with who ever you
don't send me anything until I open the app
Easier than when I work app which is super glitchy
I see no use of this app because no-one uses it. 😐
Updates are illogical making it more worse to use
GroupMe. It's so infuriating.
Skype is a good concept, but has been steadily declining for a while now.
Texting is ok. Calls work at best 50% of the time
Use it to communicate with a deaf friend and it is almost guaranteed to freeze once or twice during a call. A bit frustrating to deal with.
should not have to be where i have to contact them if i want to add data onto my plan because they dont have an updated video after they change the design of the app they are still showing how the app used to work if i have to contact you by chat everytime what use is the app im beginning to worry i made the wrong choice other then having contact them we all know how long that can take and if they can get to you in that short amount of time that chat is open
it's alright sucks u can't make calls
Love the app, have used it and it's predecessor TextSecure for well over a decade. But I hate that it's no longer going to support sms as well, as having all those messages in one place was convenient and being able to store them in the same encrypted container as Signal messages was a nice bonus. Very frustrated.
Sucks!!!! Can't dial out to most numbers,  doesn't get text back, most texts I send never get there and it NEVER rings when someone calls.
Works well keeping our group together and on task.
While I do love this app and use it all the time, this latest update is a little disappointing. I did really like when the app had the feel of the desktop version. It still works well, some stuff took me a second to find bc it was moved around. My big thing is I have the galaxy z flip 4 and i used to be able to call ppl on discord with the phon half flipped and the app would shrink to the screen, but now it doesn't do that. It just cuts off the screen as if u were only looking at the top half.
This is another device that I'm unsure how to work it
Excellent thanks for your time
Working doing the job I set it up to do
Extremely hard to get support. Had my number flagged for violation. Submitted a request for review and havent gotten an answer for 4 weeks. I have reached out to the email provided below (3x) and have not received response.
Very good app
SMS isn't going to get phased out. People still use Windows compared to Linux distros.
Was great, then started crashing! It never wants too open. Sucks bad now. Please fixx!
Constantly messages you and the service is glitchy.
Do not get rid of sms support. This WILL kill your app.
Most secure app free
Don't like being tracked by adverts? This is the best free option.
Ok learning how to use it for my personal fantasy and keeping it private and drama free
If I try to open the app by clicking anything other than the shortcut on my home screen, the app just goes black. It also stops responding frequently, pops up full screen ads while I'm trying to text, and drops calls randomly all the time. I never leave my apartment so it's not a service issue.
It banns me as soon as I make an account for no reason
New layout is extremely confusing and laggy. While i do like that previewing voice activity let's you scroll now, the DMs are awfully hard to use and wrap your head around. Same goes for servers, why reply is by default on a swipe when before it was to preview member list, I don't get why. Another huge issue is the search function, things like from: and has: are straight up missing now and it only looks for words in active channel. Please do something about this. Using this app daily hurts now.
Ok so I've done as you said and I restarted my app and reinstalled discord but nothing changed it still says my stuff is invalid and then when I try to change my password it says invalid token so I don't know what to do so I'm gonna have to keep me stars at 2.
Which kind of expeience you asking
Pls remove clyde bot pls it anooying pls idk my password so pls delete it and remove password bcz idk my password
I like the app...no issues at this time.
My work uses this for scheduling. At first it was fine, but now it won't
Horrible , can't hear other person longer than 30 secs, and I have excellent high speed internet. Have to keep recalling
Woke up this morning and my txt now app was logged out and I didn't log out...third time it did this
calls can be choppy regardless if I'm on data on wifi. lately it's been opening speaker phone and won't turn off, can't even switch to bluetooth, and over half my calls I miss because it doesn't ring/alert, I'll just get the "missed call" or "voicemail" alert, that's with troubleshooting. I also opted to get the free sim card over a year ago and never received it or notification if they ran out. overall lackluster app that needs to be greatly improved. App is updated, issue hasn't changed.
Entire app feels very unintuitive since update. Needs to be reverted, this is so bad.
Works well. I don't see any issues
Good quality and no breaking
But to make it better is that don't put minutes.☺And no internet for this app plz what happens if we we're in trouble and we couldn't call our mom or dad fix fix plz
I can not verify myself in servers it says my number has been entered on any other account which is not true I'm facing trouble verifying in servers with my number and also not getting a code through sms
Ok backup. Ads are intrusive and annoying. There are permissions that are completely unnecessary for example, they want to be able to record calls, why? They wont let you receive verification codes. Why? With all ads it shouldn't be a money thing. Edit tanks for that info. The full page ads are still ridiculous though.
Incredible
Sometimes can be slow ,but I realized it wasnt the app but my phone being packed with junk apps.
Super very helpful and super app
Its a good service. The only problem is with calling. If you need to dial an extension or push extra numbers to get to a certain vm it doesn't allow.
I am not a fan of the new layout with DMs in a separate section. There's no way to go from a specific DM to a server without backing out of the DM entirely. Which is not helpful when trying to converse about something from a server. It honestly feels like a fix looking for a problem.
Well it's just freezes too much.
It's noob new update is galaxy
Cannot recommend. As a messaging app it's average and does not support SMS messages. So you have to manage all your messages in different apps.
It's okay to use in emergencies.... My internet speeds are top notch in my area, but this app still seems to struggle. Call quality is decent most of the time as long as your phone isn't receiving anything. If a REAL text comes through in the middle of a call, your connection is TOAST because the advertisements really do their share of interfering as well.
I love this app so much ❤️💜❤️💜❤️💜❤️
Completely intolerable amount of spam
Switching between pages still has an uncomfortable amount of delay.
No longer free. The features I was using it for are no longer free so uninstalled. Reply to Dev: I was mainly using it to receive verification text messages but no longer lets me get them Edit: paid for said service TextNow rep stated I needed to use for verification in response to my review. Paid multiple weeks and still unable to receive verification text from every website I tried it on, 4+ sites. The number I have also when Googled was previous used to protest against an execution in AL.
Experience is great It's just one thing that I want Skype to improve in the mobile app When a call disconnects it should jump to the dial pad instead of making us click twice to reach dialpad.It'll save time and efforts of bulk callers Overall nice job🙂
Forces Close After Like 40 Seconds Everytime..
It's keeps dropping my calls. My internet and connection work fine but when I make a call it works for a few seconds and then drops the call.
It is slow some time it says typing and the system take a minute to show what was type
4.99 a month for being able to use it, and I never used it. Read everything
Calling with this app is not the best but it's not terrible either. Texting works great
Go back to the old UI! Literally everyone is letting you know what they want! No one wants this! Literally no one!
Good and lovely app
Eh it's ok I guess. Calling worked with decent quality on the 2 calls i made, but the texting is atrocious. Only about half my texts are sent, the other half look as though they have been sent, but the receiver never gets them so I have to constantly resend. Annoying. UPDATE 8/31/18: calling works when it wants to doesn't even ring majority of the time on outgoing calls constantly claims its dialing but never is. claims my connection is weak but i never switched from the same connection i had when the app actually was working. probably will uninstall not even worth the trouble I'm being put through.
It's awesome 😊. I'm able to keep in touch with ALL my co-workers and managers with one text.
very happy with it!!
The Discord app has too many glitches and bugs
Good and easy to access
Spotty reception. Keeps freezing.
Works good wven if u have to connect to school wifi
Everything is good except when we run out of call minutes like what if the call is very important or an emergency and we can't call but its all good
It would be phenomenal if you could add an automatic translator 😃
Can no longer send pics/videos after the newest update. I uninstalled it, restarted my phone, reinstalled it. It worked for like 10 minutes and then I was getting errors again. Uninstalling and reinstalling no longer fixes it. Works fine on the desktop app.
I don't want to give a star this it always cut call when I share screen it's not share screent bad don't install it
Like it says Tex free is nice only 👌 one thing I would like to see is to not lag and a little bit faster in notification but otherwise good
Horrible 'new' UI. Constant notifications of people chatting, it's like they want us to leave. Keep it coming discord no gaming themed chat app has lasted more than a decade. Vent, Team speak, x fire. You keep making changes like this and you will be on the shelf with the rest.
Best call rate for international landline calls
Good app. Gets the job done.
If you don’t use this application within a month you will lose your number and you won’t be able to log in any accounts that uses this number. I ended up with more than seven Facebook accounts which they were all spam account. Every free texting number does the same.
I really love discord. It's so great! But the latest update is THE WORST. It's so bad. It's not more organized or anything, it's terrible. There was no need for a change. It's just made it harder to find things fast, and it doesn't take you to the latest message anymore. It's terrible. Please change it back, or actually make it better, because this is NOT THAT.
Great way to contact player
Thanks for telling me! I got in now:)
I've been using Skype all the time but starting today every Time I go into a a chat the chat goes up and down soo anoying I cant stand it same if u Wright and receive a message.
This app is so great I never have trouble with it
I've been using Skype forever, but for the past year me and my boyfriend have been using to it call and stuff when I don't have cell service. Overall it works great, but it's super sensitive to connectivity and overall I prefer regular calling. It's glitchy and sometimes hard to hear but does what we need it for at least.
Great 😊
This was a decent application, right until I kept getting logged out, my profile picture no longer shows and I can't add contacts. In August I did not have these problems, whatever update you guys did you need to fix. Some people really need this application to talk to their friends and family who are in the military. 😤😡
Very tinny sound
Husband used app to cheat..
I'vy# I've used this app for years and it has worked this time for me. My daughter's met many fine lesbian girls with a text now number. x x x x uyy My turn now. Want to?
Barebones messaging app. Don't see much the point to this over other apps like Telegram or WhatsApp that do it better except maybe for privacy since you don't see people's numbers in groups. Pros: Simple enough to use, not much to figure out. Cons: Link previews take forever to show up, emojis are ugly and limited (just use the standard ones), the "heart" emoji on messages feels a little it off place.
love them good quality
it keeps dropping my phone calls.. and i have excellent wifi connection . important calls at that
Seems like MS just killing this app. File upload works horrible. A lot of phantom conversations in the history.
Very nice application to use
Messages won't send at times for long periods of times. Needs more customisation. I can't really text at times because the messages won't send.
removing core nitro features from nitro classic?? seriously? what's the point in buying nitro classic now, all you get is more files and emojis. Big discord L. I'm sorry, i forgot that it's called nitro basic now 🙄
If you going to compete against the big boys, have the tools to back it up. Being all mouth with no action, fight, bite or even a pathetic girly slap, will get you nowhere...
Dropped SMS support. I know they're less secure, but I care more about the convenience of consolidating messages to a single app.
Lost my old phone number. No way to get my group me back.
Beast App 😁👍🏼👌🏼
New update is terrible
Someone hacked my friend's account
It would be great if we could hear audio when screen sharing and if the video chat window can overlay like on PC. More color schemes would be awesome. Other than that, it's a good app.
the app is great, very helpful. I use it for work and it makes things a lot easier. only issue I've been having is sometimes when I go to make a call the app will completely stop working and won't start working again unless I put my phone on airplane mode and then take it right back off airplane mode.
You require a new sim card and it is not happening!
It wont let me give ownership of my server to someone
Good for texting calls not always clear but not bad, for being free!
Great way for our team to communicate and stay in touch. Hassle-free.
Very efficient
If we sent any video to other person if it is more than 5 mb it doesn't support audio its basic wht is the use of this app just msging ..
Emojis not working. Still has not been fixed after multiple updates. Please
They app was great before the recent chances. Now I can't even navigate it without some type of bug or glitch. Messages not opening, pictures not opening all the way in full screen. Please put out some fixes 😅
i can't do any of the action things to earn money. i receive an ear Everytime i try to click on one to do. also, my calls usually end quickly because after a call of minutes the other person cant hear me but i can hear them or neither of us can hear the other person. Also, i miss calls as well as messages because they dont come through until i go in the app which defeats what the app is supposed to be used for. If you could fix these issues i wouldnt mind rating it higher because it'd be better.
Great App! I could Call & Text but I can't send or receive pics... Plz Fix Asap!
This app needs to do a better job of searching for groups to join because everytime I search for something I never get any results. I even tried to search for a group that I am already in, but it said "No Results Found"
Discord socks
Discord claims with this redesign to "improve our users’ experience" but it only gets more spread out and requires more clicks than before with no option to revert to the old ui. I have no idea for what user this redesign is an improvement at all.
the update needs work! I can't see emojis anymore & I don't have any many setting options now. I think I may uninstall the update until this is fixed. & also the home screen is weird now bc of the little side bar tab. I prefer the app before the update..
Everytime i try to change my profile pic, it crashes. Fix it.
this used to be a cool app, but each update getting worse, today i tried to add contact but for some reason, cannot do so, ok to update but please retain the old but useful features
New layout is unintuitive and overcomplicated. This isn't me complaining about my muscle memory and having to adapt - these changes make no sense, make the app annoying and confusing to use and feel like they're forcing features from other messaging apps for the sake of being like them at the expense of the user experience. I have little faith any of this will change; devs are historically unwilling to listen to feedback it's a wonder they even have a feedback feature.
I use discord daily, and the new update just rearranged things for no good reason and added another click to simple procedures. Discord has been making non-user friendly decisions for the past year or two. If you are considering joining or downloading the app for the first time I would not recommend it.
It is lacking a way to correct mis-said sent statements. Quirky issues occur with adding new people to list. Difficulty with recovering old accounts or changing passwords.
Sold out, on to the next. Man this is annoying. I hope someone forked the code.
just love this app i can call any where in the world with no extra charges and so cheap
Overall reliable and good with minor issues sometimes, but always seems to improve overtime
Extreme limitations frozen in time... I have used Signal for a long time and I have never seen meaningful improvements to key limitations. I can't use it to securely message my iPad- and Mac-using kids, because they don't have phone numbers. I can't use it on the go from my WearOS watch, because without an app I can't open existing message threads or initiate an exchange. Being able to reply from a message notification is just not good enough, but Signal developers seem to think it sufficient.
Works as described.
This new update has knocked my rating down a lot. The new UI is difficult to get used to, and removing the ability to easily swipe between the servers and individual chats is annoying. That as well as having friends icons at the top of the chat section, makes it even more difficult to see who is online compared to a simple sidebar. Apps changing their UIs to look similar to one another is my biggest pet peeve, because I am not on this app because its similar to others, its the complete opposite!
useful app to video chat with family overseas
It is so good that the app is fast, not delay at all. The app can turn itself into the weather app, which is funny but very secure also
nice app..especially for work
I can see AND hear my friends and lover
New update is awful, I don't want Facebook messenger I want discord
I'll give you 5 stars because I like you. 0 stars because it's called text me now not call me now 😡. And when the power goes out or the Wi-Fi kicks off you don't work anyways.
I can call when I have no service
I am using Samsung Galaxy S7 Eadg, previously Skype was good and the best for me always get notification on Main screen but after update it became worst application No notifications showed on my main screen until and unless I should open application I can't see any notification of CHAT on my lock screen MSFT team please work on it and make this application more Lite.
Don't even waste your time will be in the middle of a phone call the an add pops up and ends the call happens ever single time you on it for 8 9 minutes
The new update has made everything so much worse, I don't want to leave my previous conversation when swiping, there was no need to change the previous function
this app is amazing but there's one problem. ive been trying to send photos for at least 2 hours from now and nothing has worked. whenever i try to send a video or photo it says "file cannot send, hold for options." ive reset the app, reinstalled it, restarted my phone, cleared my cache, checked my settings, checked my wifi, checked google and nothing has worked. im started to get really frustrated and other people are going through this too. please fix this.
I don't like when you call and a add come and end the call.
Horrible ASF it's constantly asking me to verify my email but when I do it doesn't work and now it won't let back in my account like it's done multiple times before.fix your damn system
Ruined
Keeps giving me an error message and closing when I press the call button
Recently I tried to reinstall the app and I supposedly "didn't" put in my phone number and my account had my old email that I can't access anymore. I really wish there was an option to login with your username like other apps, besides I really had a lot on that account. Edit: thanks for the reply, but I still can't sign in to give my suggestion.
Most of the time its good, however for it being around as long as it has it should have improved by now. I do still enjoy it. Dome needed improvements woukdnt hurt.
Not receiving or sending has any one faces this problem
Its okay but when i go to type it wont let me it takes 5 minutes to load.🙁
Hello Google and I really like this app it really does the trick and thank you for sharing and may God bless you from Deborah Ward.
1-10 a light 7
not giving me the messages.
This app is useful if your phone has been shut off and you have a good WiFi connection  but I have waited over 20 min on a reply message to be delivered to my phone with an excellent wifi signal so yeah it's just ok
I just updated this app now my emoji icon keep saying loading emoji. I love this app so please fix problem. Thank you
It's aight. Yes it's free (at first). The plans are cheap. 100 mins for 1.99. I've never been scammed out of my 1.99 neither. As far as how good it works, I use it to call my grandma over optimum wifi and the signal always say excellent. No call drops, etc. I'd say it's legit.
Its cool sumtyms
cant hear anything anyones saying when they call or i call ...horrible quility
Every time I open it, it crashes.
You like it fast right ?? 8 think we can go harder into it for real my step daughter loves her new CuMputer😆😛😛😝😝
Been using this app for over 7 years, it's great for gaming with friends and finding new communities. Though the updates are only just bearable throughout the times, having some updates that actually fix or improve issues. But updates that overhaul UI constantly is why I'm giving this a low rating, the newest complete overhaul of mobile UI and menus has made me frustrated and making mistakes. my raring will stay like this until the day the old UI will become atleast an option to select
It's horrible
The app is probably incredible but it is not letting me sign in into any of my electronics
Great and easy to use
As of recently with these updates to "improve" mobile discord (by that I mean within a year or two), it just feels as if it's been getting worse; the lag, the difficulty sending images, moving channels, deleting messages, etc. At this point I much more prefer to use discord on my laptop than on phone anymore, especially after this odd layout navigation update which in my opinion sucks.
-2 stars for the irritating never going away notification banners. Otherwise it deserves full rating for the call quality. Skype is the most irritating application I have on my phone. It's a flawed application doing mad things on phone and never really listen to you or understand you at all 🤦🏼‍♂️
The app is fine but recently after i updated i cant see my conversations now. The messages history is there but in order to chat with someone i have to search for their username in the search box.. Please do something about this.
Totally loved this app until the new update now i cant even open it!! Will give better rating if fixed! Please fix soon!
How in the world do you make a call using this app
This eat asss it don't work
Never on it to much ... But it came in handy when .. i used it.🙋☺️
Be aware if you subscribe and put a payment there is no way to unsubscribe
Hey! You guys need to take advantage of this app ;if you need a communication app this is the one ; I recommend this app with 5 thumbs up, when need a phone number it has it for you and you can buy that number for a little as $699 a month and then number is yours without anything to worry about.
It could be better but since it runs off of 📶 it will do
Why did yall push this update? Its incredibly annoying how broken everything is- I cant change chat rooms without needing to close the whole app. If this isnt fixed soon im just going to cancel nitro, cause who the hell would pay for this.
Since last update, I am not getting any notifications on the phone. I have to now check the app to get the updates
Good app but text are coming slowly To much bugs
hate new ui its stupid. i dont want myself as big as person im looking at. when tapping screen to get controls to pop up o have to tap many times now, now the damn ringtone doesnt sound off when video chat is being sent to me. past few months u have made discord worse
literally made my peepee fall off
Wow am really impressed with this app
Awsome Ry
Cool features
Discord is a great and flawless application on PC. Unfortunately the mobile app on android runs into constant issues with notifications for messages not popping up, continuous connecting message forcing me to reopen the app, and cutting out my voice when in a voice call. Tried reinstalling the app, restarting my phone, reformatting my phone, and using my older phone instead of my S22+ which doesn't alleviate the issues. These issues been getting worse with every update.
Easy to use excellent app
It is taking forever to turn on
The app was fine until the update. It's not user friendly. Hate the interface. Prefer the old one. And it pooling persons from God knows where. Have to delete ppl from my Skype. Not user friendly at all
Every update they make something worse, either from changing to a terrible layout NOBODY wants, or now for some reason refusing to open any links in their respective apps, regardless of settings. It will always open in the browser only.
Great way to keep our groups connected.
please add public group search
Not a bad app
In group chats, this app receives messages into the wrong group. Not trustworthy.
Very limited
pretty bad app... can't use number for much if verification is needed. lots of call issues
Had to hear
This page keeps opening randomly when i tap nothing.
Why make it expensive to share larger files
GREAT app for keeping up with my Fantasy Football League. Love it!!!
It's just ok to many glitches in app
In 2021 I wrote: "Good; would be better with message editing capabilities". I can now edit the message & that's excellent
Unreal. Why would I spend $9.99 a month for a number when other apps, it cost me $4.99 a year. Way better apps out there then this. Cheaper to. Uninstalling it. 🤣😆
Good but freezing constantly
Discord, your mobile app was fine, it was beautiful, we all loved the UI, why repaint the mona lisa?
Have a couple kids ? keep them happy with there own phone number they can call each other while on your wiifii,you must have wifii or internet connection .
Cheaters patadide
Signal is the best chatting app Ever 100% Rating
Can't login because "This account has violated our terms of use, and the account and number are no longer available." Never got an email or anything saying what happened.
Dropping calls really bad lately and I really like the app
Was close to perfect before, new layout is horrible. App glitches now when you try and view an image. No idea where anything is now. The dark mode is horrible...why was this new layout done? I don't understand.
Very great And easy to use
Keeps hanging!!! And lots of glitches after lots of repon and reinstalling, please don't ask us to reinstall again and try, it's not working. Better fix the issue.
great app, hopefully an update for nicknames set in private messages can be seen by the other user. (y)
Old UI was 5*, this one is much worse. I'll probably stick to the desktop app and uninstall the mobile one if they don't provide a way back to the previous interface.
The app is super slow, it do not matter which phone is in used. The app always ask for "Grant permission" which I do not want it. (and make the loading app slow). Additionally, do not work when I press any number when I am trying to navigate through a call menu
I bn got this I June wen my phone was stolen only to. Use till July 1 2023 I got my new Samsung phone turned 9n paying 69 month POINT NO NEED FOR THE APP NO AUTO PAY I GAVE PERMISSION AND OLD LG PHONE WITH NO SIM CARD EVEN TURNED OOF GGOKE ACCOUNT ON 5BTO 6 YR OLD DONE WITH NO SERVICE I'M TOBIL ME TO SOI SEE THEY TO MY DONATIONS FOR TO HOME INVASION! 10 60 ON JULY 11TH ! OH MY GOD AND I'M 07 YRS 0LD!!!!!! SHAME ON THEM STILL NO REFUND GOOGLE ALLOWS THIS!
I can't receive calls, it just goes straight to missed. Even if I'm in the app when I try to receive the call. This is a huge bug and needs to be fixed asap. Other than that, this app is fantastic.
You can do what ever you would like on this app
You can send and recurve texts but you can't make calls nor receive calls. I have restarted my phone, updated the app, signed in using a different email AND uninstalled the app and installed it back and it's still doing the same thing.
I used to love Skype but the app is a mess, all thanks to Microsoft. Just a few issues: I can't change my username, apparently Skype For Business is different, Skype call subscriptions do not always include all landline numbers but may exclude some numbers, and finding friends using their Skype ID does not work well.
Its a good app besides the constant adds on your screen while your trying to type. It takes FOREVER to actually send anything because of ads always pops up. Calling is no good anymore, sometimes someone will call me and I wont get it. Texts sometimes come in hours late or a day late.
I am not able to login my account
Works fine!
I enjoy being able to share pictures and videos with my private group
Hello i just downloaded the app cos i was asked to for an interview. But i can't get past the captcha verification stage. The app is proving so stubborn. Could you help me sort this out? The scheduled time for the interview is long past. Just because i couldn't get a hang of the app.
I have been using discord for almost a year now but I have a few problems with the mobile version of it, It closes on it's own sometimes while I'm typing and then I always have to re-install the app which is extremely annoying please fix this.
Was great. Now getting rid of SMS support. I guess it is time to find a new app.
U guys keep messing up my notifications and i need to keep reinstalling the app fr it. Massive hussle
I gave permission for it to do everything. Yet, when I get missed calls it won't let me see from who. Nor does it even show up. So when I go to missed calls there is nothing there. It will tell me in my notifications under "Call Management" but when tap on it, it disappears & nothing happens.
I use this almost exclusively for text and it has worked quite well for me over the past year or so. But even tho i txt almost every day, I'm now getting a NAG to use my number or lose it. Whys that if im using it almost daily? And if its because im not voice calling (who does that anymore), then that needs to be made clear (and perhaps you should change your name from "Text Free" to something else) lol.
it's not letting me join a group
I updated today in hopes it will be better i can literal stand in the room with two other people and only one of them gets threw on a phone call both can send and receive text from me but when one calls me they get the this number is not in Service message, repeatedly!!
I'm not getting any notifications for messages or even for calls. Calls doesn't even get connected. Even of I'm calling someone the call won't get connected for them also. I have the lasted version and have a strong internet connection. Still the app doesn't work. Rest of the apps works very well except signal. Fix it or I'll uninstall it.
Really good app Cause I get to talk to my friends and meet new people also I get to hang out in my fav streamers servers Really cool app
I like to utilize this # app @ 1st, for a #, when my service was tapped out, or if I pounce upon a block, I usually going around or straight @ a little bit of likeliness unto an unfinished encounter in which it's fine for closure..
Awesome app but one problem - in my OnePlus 6t whenever i make a call afterwards my phone faces speaker problem. The sound only comes from ear piece then i have to restart my phone. I don't know if this is app bug or os problem. Please fix this.
Works for the most part. Gets finicky from time to time.
So I love this app for what it is but as of right now Im in a server with 50+ server emojis made and only 34 of them work
Not greatest but definitely better than others I've tried...
Horrible changes to the UI. The app is also now laggy, and a pain to use.
Works good, no issues.
This app is great, I can contact my friends when needed but now, For some odd reason the emoji no longer works. i can't see no smile face, no tongue silly face. :P And no hearts for my gf. I don't know. how do i fix it so i can see the emoji again?
It's a good app but now it won't let me receive and calls or text messages. Please fix this problem as soon as possible.
Okay the app is great, but I'm having complains.. About changing my pfp... Every time I do it.. Says "cannot find image data".. Despite it being PNG and JPG so can you guys try to fix it??
It's a ok app I accidentally deleted TikTok and can't sign back in though because I used phone number and can't sign in because I need a verification code I understand I need to lock in my number but I now need to switch it to my new number
New ui is buggy and makes everything harder. Most people swipe things on their phone so it makes no sense to take away the mobile versions most valuable asset. Reverting to the old one would be better and make the community happy.
Ah communities. Funny, dumb, mildly infuriating, cringe and many more. I'd say the idea of having thousands talk with eachother through either chatting or voice calls is really good. Just people minding their own business and suddenly get a voice call from their friends is absolutely great. Although scams and hackers are still around, please fix those.
not receive verification message i try many time but still not reapond
Most disgusting app ever. Dont know why its taking too long to get started.wastage of time
It's a good app, has some bugs. Really sucks that they got rid of stickers.
Sometimes I don't get the texts until the next day very sad
I've had this app for a year and a half and it is perfect for what it is designed to do. However over the past few days, the app stopped  sending notifications to me. The app is closed and everything and the group is not muted. Please help
I can't login
read, see profile of who you were talking with and post pics without any
Im having problems recieving calls and texts!! This app. Use to my number onr go to but soon im thinking of deleting it
Basic..calls are a bit delayed and fuzzy but awesome for free
This new update and look has completey made the app unusable, I have had so many glitches and things not sending. It was really not worth changing because there were no issues with the old version. The one thing I do like is that the computer version has stayed the same
they keep changing things without asking the community stop adding things devs want, add things the community wants
Why on earth does the notification box block the navigation ui at the top? Did anyone test this? Why even show a full notification box for an elypsis ?
So I had already verified my email when I got the app but it's still saying verify ur email pls fix this asap cuz I need art done of my gf and I as a Christmas gift but the person doing it wants nitro gifted to her as payment
Notifications are not working at all after the update. I have checked the app and my phone, and everything is set right. It's just frustrating cause I use this app more than texting, and I have to check it often due to it not letting me know when someone messages me. Otherwise, I love the new look!
Devs ruined the UI and need to go back or give us the option to use the old UI. Listen to the people using your app. Why make these silly changes without rolling out a small test and listening to feedback.
It's a good platform nothing new but it does what you want.
I don't know what psychopath decided to add "Clips" but * Discord. Get sued. Massive violation of privacy.
It would be nice if the admin could delete messages that are not appropriate for the group.
Ummm. I really like the app. It is very usefull but what I do not like about the app is all of the ads and it crashes every once in a while and u should be able to use it without wifi. Duh doy
This new update has ruined discord, keeps sending messages to the wrong person, and just made the whole lay out much worse.
The vc is broken whenever I leave discord while in vc and switch to roblox or any other game it just mutes me without telling me it mutes and it doesn't even tell me how I got muted and I don't have push to talk even on.
dont like that i cant figure out how to delete old messages
I really like it 😊 it helps me stay connected with clubs from my high school.
Too small, clunky, slow, lacks intuitive acuity, presumptively obtuse, which is actually huberous. Who thought this platform was ready to launch?
Receiving messages taks for to long!!!!!.
I've used this off n on for years, only recently has it become an issue, I have to open the app to see my messages an calls, doesn't do what it's supposed too, I got 9 missed calls had no idea till I open the app, all my notifications are on vol high, nothing till I open to check completely defeats the purpose of what it's meant for FIX IT!!
The UI update makes common functionality less convenient, such as limiting searches to a given channel, and placing the server's user list under a separate menu instead of simply requiring a swipe. The Q&A on the UI update makes it clear Discord's plan is to wait out the backlash. I understand not wanting to let the resources you spent on the update go to waste, but this is honestly enough of an annoyance for me that I'll just use the browser version and cancel Nitro in the mean time
Hsve used for making calls to uk but for some reason in the last couple weeks I can not place calls at all I have paid for credit as some numbers I'm calling are premium and still unable to make the call which is really annoying whole reason I downloaded Skype was to avoid the frustration of not making calls
Great 👍 app! It cured me and my family from AIDS! 👍🏻
Help! I had to reinstall and now it won't let me log back in.! Google says it's won't authenticate and of it does it says I've ran out of pin attempts.. 😱😱😱😱😱
Yr limited in how much u can type and u cant attach certain documents. U never encounter this problem in whatsapp
iight!
The platform can hold much more participants for groups. Love this feature.
We want the old ui
The media is fast and good Well designed
Unable to register and no numbers available. Tried two days in a row. First day of signup, it showed no numbers available. Tried locally several area codes then started trying different states and nothing. Now it's asking me to verify my email but made multiple attempts via app and web browser but it's not sending verification email.
Sucks on video call
The amount of hate I have for the new setup,it makes it so hard to navigate stuff
Best chating app focus on security and give flexibly upto end I love this because I love it
Because u have to pay u said Tex Free 😒
Perfect for scammers!
Using it for a week now ,the problem is not much people have it .
Forced to make the switch after using it for years. A real dissapointment
New update glitchy. Images and videos go off screen
Verry useable
The software is nice, but the people suck.
Really good quality of sound and video.
It always doesn't always work
For the love of God, add the ability to disable discord call sounds already. No, I'm not talking about push notifications. I'm talking about how I can hear every mute, join, stream start, stream end, or deafen. You have the ability on your desktop app. Also what's the deal with video calls just freezing every time you hop to a different app/chatting with someone else during the call in discord. Have to shut down the call and rejoin, or commit to never touching my phone when Im voice chatting.
This app suck made me singup than than log in than says I have no account than says don't singup u already have account so I have account our not yes n not 😂 app weird.
Make pinger work for the ZTE & I'll give a 5 cus the textfree itself is wack .
It was very easy to use. The vision was good but the sound wasn't so hot.
Been using GroupMe for several years. It's reliable and a great way to stay connected, especially with groups. Awesome app!!
Kills my battery
Nice app, but missing some features like • Ease to copy OTP directly from pop-up notification, please add this feature (request) Please show us original name and photo of the person who send us SMS, if it's possible. And its emoji to react on messages is just 🤮🤢, sorry if it hurts.
If I could give a minus 100 I certainly would! This app for Android is awful. SO tired of trying to get it to work right. Too many bugs. Unfortunately the people I need to connect with insist on using it. Ugh! Absolutely HATE it! A year and a half later and this app STILL SUCKS. Trying to update a password took half an hour and SIX attempts.
Hey developers are u listing there are si many fearures are missing like lock, last seen this is not accpeteble from microsoft.. showing "active" for 3 min. This is a worst feature kindly remove this feature.
It's great for all the things you don't do
It won't let me make calls anymore for some reason
It works great
This app is getting on my nerves..Its always so slow and its so freaking annoying to chat
The new update made the app buggy and slow, many important features are now hidden behind icons and menus. Super un user-friendly.
The one thing that's  ad aboit it is so huge that it brings this app from a 5 star to a 3 star. Who thought it was a good idea to allow EVERYONE to remove from the chat?  You have people whose hobby literally js to make their way into random chats to "Smoke" them (remove everyone). It's been like this since i first started using this app in 2014. I hate it so much that I left it for kik, but id rather use this. And I know a ton of people who have done the same. So if you don't like 2nd place then fix it.
The best instant messaging all things considered. It's private, it's functional, it's non-profit and it's proven to be secure.
tgreat
I've been having issues receiving notifications on my phone since the big update. Sometimes I will see notifications for a day and the next day I won't receive them anymore. Please fix
Recent update is cumbersome and clunky. I am unable to view my friends on the server without jumping through hoops.
Works good and its free
Not could print app/as paper form no applications applying own account faq, M.socialmsdiapages!?(thanks you)
Eh. Nothing extraordinary. Better than nothing though.
Amazing, super easy to use
It needs unlimited calling though
Love using it !!!
If you cannot look at verification codes
sometimes reliable. sometimes not. usual poor to mid quality video
Discord has brought me to meet some good friends in each little niche I've joined across the world from the convenience of home. I recommend you give it a try.
Still the best free phone app in the store!
Wonderful performance, A great app!
outgoing calls fail to receive message. ring ring
Informative
Pls make it possible to watch videos while we're in call, it was possible before so it would be nice to be capable to do that again 😀
When makin a call it will ring once and display the message, YOUR CALL COULD NOT GO THROUGH, TRY AGAIN LATER.... I purchased minutes to use this app and now it is not working..... Bullcrap
It does the job
everything was fine until the new update got released. The UI is not intuitive - things that were 1 click away before are 3 to 4 clicks to do. It's jarring and inefficient. Poor UX. Its change for the sake of change. The in-call screen and its options is also terrible. Why is everyone floating on a background that is NOT in line with everything else in app? The stream and user volume is a whole treasure hunt to find now. everything is so much slower now too I unsubscribed to nitro due to this.
Bluetooth stopped working in voice chats. Makes the app pretty much useless and will force my companies to move to Slack.
camera won't turn on! I'm so disappointed
need better way to call ppl bsides wifi need better communication can't hear ppl on eàch end slow àf
Really nice top tier
Same times it's not visible in screen
CAN KIDS UNDER THE AGE OF 13 (Im 12) can use this for friendly servers?
Works fine
Works great but only have hard time hearing out the phone😂😂
"UPDATED NEW REVIEW" If you're downloading this app to get some kind of verification code do not they are a greedy f**king company they will block your verification code and make you pay for premium to get verification codes!! You don't believe me? READ THIS BS BELOW 👉 "Upgrade to Receive Verification Short Codes You recently had a two-factor authentication text blocked. We block certain text codes to prevent abuse of our services, but they can be unlocked by upgrading to TextFree Plus"
Lags a lot, doesn't notify when you receive messages, and always has problems loading new messages
horrible
Worst.... Hanging even on Start 😬😬
the update is not getting download of paytm or Skype or Amazon prime etc..can you please check
Cant call in or out.
It's very good and private
Bugs edit: I did, but it still had many bugs such as channels disappearing and only swiping down would show them, It won't even be full xd
You limit number of pics to only 1
Its still not makin me send pictures
Calling isn't free and there's way too many adds very laggy and doesn't respond often.
Never works when I need it and continues to charge me for adri when I've asked numerous times to stop
First off they blocked my account for no reason secondly it want even let me setup things properly
It would be better if each user could have their own group avatar...
Sometimes it's decent and at times it's not. But for being free it's a decent app.
was unmuted. Now new messages aren't even appearing. Fix the bugs. This app
I feel bad everytime i send video then send messages my message doesn't sent unless the video sent. Not like before i can still text even the video doesn't send yet
App works, but the ads can be very intrusive, to the point they take over the whole screen while you are typing.
remove or make it an option to turn off the "compressing files" feature; other than that a good social service
It's funny I got hacked in the same area that I had this account set up for when I was doing some business for work. Email and associated accounts spammed.
When I go to a link it always expired and most of the owner of the server would give me the same link that I didn't have access to so if there any creators of discord you better fix it now
good app to have
It shouldn't be so difficult. But it is. Especially when it comes to "you might be missing calls" directions to fix that problem. Now your Text Now Free Texts and Calls wants $4.99...hmmm
Great way to keep a squad in touch.
Needs more time to develop certain things. Lacking in so many areas.
I really like this over any other messaging apps because the UI is much better at the time of writing this review and it is also a lot more intuitive to use and change few elements if anyone wants to do that.
Reminds me of snap chat lol
Unstable connection!!! As my friends are sharing/streaming video in voice chat I'm getting unstable connection and just seeing their "profile picture" my app is up to date according to Google play store
New UI sucks. Download an older version.
to many ads. Its constant and annoying if you touch one. Plus is better I heard but have to have Wi-Fi to make it worth it. could use this instead of a phone bill.
Hate it can't get my messages you have to pay and I'm trying to get my cash app card
App constantly goes back to the message list, over and over. Even does it when I'm in the middle of typing out a message. Nook Color with CM7
These app is best after telegram
rarely connects
Asking discord for the 69th Time to give us a delete chat option
Dropping sms support made it impossible to continue using the app for the few signal contacts I had and I cannot recommend it going forward. It's easier to get people to use an app for security when you don't have to convince people to use 2 apps for messaging.
Hate this
the call quality is so trash
Very laggy voice chat, very laggy UI, just a nightmare. Desktop version seems to be much more stable.
[Moblie/app version] I'm not sure if it's just an update but recently I've been having problems with reacting to msgs/bots. It used to show reactions under the msg I could easily click on but now it hides the reactions and when it comes to bots i don't get access at all to react to get a certain role
This is best
Extremely unreliable, I've had multiple people call me a number of times when my phone was 2 feet away from me, didn't ring once. It works, but do yourself a favor...do not rely on this!
Latest update seems to have killed me being able to use emojis, gifs and stickers. I can no longer get to my settings and messages won't send. Mobile app doesn't work after the latest update.
Used to be able to send photos. Newest update broke that. Voice doesn't run in back ground. Used to be what I thought every chat program should be until they started getting hungry with nitro. Now every month we get a new pop up telling us to spend $100 a year to receive features that are free in other programs.
alot of ads but overall i love it
Worst-case
Someone cant even try to sign uo for a new account, i tried putting my log in details to log in and it keeps telling me to srt my date ans time like for real, your apl sucks, fix this issue please it just jeeps loadimg and then stops dkesnt show any number for you to select This app is the worst jbless you guys can do something abkut that quick
Easy to use.video and audio quality is good and easy to interact with people
Used to be great a few years ago, now every update breaks half of the features. Accidentally updated it while messing with some settings and now roles don't work, every image sent won't appear unless I restart the app, and it won't let me use half of MY server emotes unless I reinstall the app every time I open it (and several people pointed this out in forums as well). I refuse to believe they test any of the updates before rolling out. If you download it and have no issues, never update it.
Very bad app; when you move out of home; i.e. transfer from Wi-Fi to data, and when you are driving (so you change towers or networks), the app juts stops working In other words, it does now work at the exact time that you need it to But when you are home and you do not need it, it works just fine
Why There No Live Sound . Mean I Can Hear My Friends From Discord . But From The Game I Play When Live, There no sound at all .. Please Fix it ASAP....
This app is really good. The downsides are: 1) Server Raid Report option. Why does it work only for SHRs when they do the raid? 2) Nitro Basic is worthless. Add the ability to use only given themes and no gifs at least guys. $10 for nitro holy.
Terrible UI now. Wish they listened to the community more.
causes too many problems
Privacy. No metadata collection. Free.
Too many useless new features and many more bugs
My avatar pic uploads sideways no matter what...its pretty annoying.
Never can connect
The worst texting app in my life. I pressed a new phone number and it won't let me. This is the worst app whoever made it
Very bad app 🥴🥴🥴
This app could be so much better if it we're user friendly. Only basic thing you can do is view what your team has posted,   send individual/group message.
Does what it says on the tin. Edit* - was a great app, removal of sms and added social bloatware have killed it. Uninstalled.
Showing ad popups for bing.
So many hackers
This app is so bad I would not recommend to spend your money on it it will just take it
New UI is un-intuitive, often adding steps to basic functions making it take longer to do anything. Terrible. Edit: the developers response to my review is not helpful.
the new UI is horrible and pathetic. everyone liked discord because of its unique interface and because it was different than other social media apps. now it feels like discord has just copied other apps and have lost their originality and creativity. i uninstalled the app because of how bad it was, please give us the old UI back.
Everything is broken. I have to mute and unmute my mic every time I call someone. Often, no matter where I tap or swipe can I even access said mic button. Random buttons stop responding to taps. I Frequently have to restart the app in order for the "voice" button to respond. Things freeze all the time. Desktop version is 5 stars, awesome experience. Only downside is the app is your typical silicon Valley business. Held up by investors and created by someone with a bad privacy record.
Not a bad app but it needs to offer free outbound calls to be competitive with the other options
Love 💕 it
Texting is cool. Almost never can make a call whether on wifi or not. I've paid got minutes and can't use them.
Costs $10 a month for no ads and $2 a month for limited ads. Not free at all.
Has grown to be great way to keep in touch
The new update is nice looking and all but it's kinda buggy. I have to close the app every time cause it glitches out. It's really getting annoying.
The app was really good but the new update ruined it if you guys see the please make it so we can use the old UI instead of the new one
I'll never get the time back it took to download and set up!!!! I know this app Sucks..
To Me; it's a little too confusing how to chat..
Skype does not send anything unless WiFi is on
More testing needed . But not the worst considering the price. Also did have some complaints from other end when making outbound calls ,about echoing . Thanks TextNow
Video quality is good. But there should be an option for individual Zoom-in preference. I mean suppose in a video conference there are 5 participants. But there is a single speaker/performer in the entire conf. The others are all audience. In that case, I as a audience want to see only that speaker (or that preferred contact) in full view of my screen. The scrn view of th other participants are irrelevant to me & is enough to see them in small icons in any corner of my screen. Hw can I do this?
It's a very good messaging service
Same as the other I guess
Lose numbers when changing phones. Not good. Don't transfer across to new phone.
Very slow
Used
Excellent quality of pictures and videos.
Useful one
Best app for using call
will not let me log in or sign up. please fix
I CANT EVEN KEEP IT OPEN LONG ENOUGH TO TEXT ANYONE. I UPDATED YOUR APP AND IT JUST CLOSES WHEN I TRY TO USE IT. I HOPE SOMEONE AT PINGER READS THIS.
been a user for a couple years now. but this last update is bad enough that i have to kick down my review. it FEELS bad and generates a bunch of lag. did it not go through quality checking before being released en mass?
Helps me talk to people all over the globe, Thankyou.
I love this app. I use it for so much.
As an android user I was somehow only seeing a portion of group texts where all other members were iphone users. Through the years we have tried everything to fix this with no resolution. Now that we have moved our communication over to GroupMe I am finally in the loop again.
This is the best app also but they should try and add beauty face and also stop from screenshot and recording of people
When u uninstall the app and then reinstall it, you see u have a reply to your messages but it doesnt show the reply unlike on other apps similar to this on.
Network unavailable Alot and I hate how your conversations just delete after 2 days
messeges and notifications take to long.. days sometimes. calls sometimes never get through
Skype screen disappears when on hold.
Its awesome! though for some reason when i vc in my mobile phone it doesn't work? I don't know why i can't really vc in my phone anymore like back then so i have to go on my laptop to vc
